Yeah! Everything! Oh it's all good, it's all good. Phyllis!
Dancing babies! I love it! I love it!
We are making a commercial for Dunder Mifflin today. Our first ad ever. Corporate purchased some air time in local markets to spread the word about Dunder Mifflin Infinity and they are even sending up a professional ad company to help us make it later so... it's uh, not too shabby.
Okay, it's football cream. It's football cream. Alright! So, anybody else?
Look at that. Even the receptionist is getting in on the creativity. Very good, very good.
Hello hello!
Michael Scott.
Regional manager.
Excited to talk ideas.
You know, I want this to be cutting edge. I want it to be fast, quick cuts, you know, youthful, sort of a MTV on crack kind of thing.
All right, good, well this is what we have to work with.
I would like you to meet Andrew Bernard. The 'Nard Dog. Who let the 'Nard Dog out?
He gives the best back rubs in the office.
Now this gentleman right here is the key to our urban vibe.
Stanley is hilarious. Phyllis is like our Mrs. Butterworth. Kind of a less urban Aunt Jemima.
These are our accountants. And as you can see they are very different sizes. What you might want to do is kind of a Papa Bear, Mama Bear, Baby Bear thing. That might be kind of fun.
Who else?
 Little girl in a field holding a flower, we zoom back to find that she's in the desert and the field is an oasis. Zoom back further the desert is a sandbox in the world's largest resort hotel. Zoom back further the hotel is actually the playground for the world's largest prison. But we zoom back further---
Actually I don't get paid by the hour anymore, but thank you, I get paid by the year, so...
Yeah, I know.
Mmm. Okay. 
That's what Nassau came up with? That sucks!  Whoa.
Well we can do better than that.
The waving?
 I'm just kidding. It's me. Hello Ry.
Okay, calm down. I have a small problem.
Yeah, well when I call about big problems you don't like that either, so make up you mind, kiddo. Here is the deal, the ad guys that you sent are locking me in a creative box, and sort of ignoring my ideas.
I'm creative, Ryan.
Well actually I can't cook, and I am starting a restaurant. Mike's Cereal Shack. I'm thinking we'll have as many varieties as you can buy in the store.
Yeah!
Are you? I don't think you're doing such a good job here, suppressing ideas and creativity.
All right, let me ask you this, tell me if you think this is creative. When I was five, I imagined that there was such a thing as a unicorn. And this is before I had even heard of one, or seen one. I just drew a picture of a horse that could fly over rainbows, and had a huge spike in its head. And I was five, five years old. Couldn't even talk yet.
Hey guys, um, you know what, we cannot shoot this ad today.
How about never hundred hours, sir.
Hey thanks. Thank you.
Yeah, I'm glad you called. Ryan is being a little bitch again.
What's up my brotha? Listen, David, I would like to do this ad in house. I want to use only the creativity that we have right here in the office. And I will send it to you tomorrow morning, take a look at it, and if you do not think that it's ready to air, send the ad agency back down here, and we'll do it on my dime.
I'm willing to stake my entire reputation on it.
Okay.  And thus, Michael Scott sealed his own destiny. In a good way.
Has anyone ever come up to you and said, "You're not creative"?
Well they're wrong. You are creative. You are damn creative. Each and every one of you. You are so much more creative than all of the other dry, boring morons that you work with.
We have three scenes to film, big scenes. We have a song to write. So let's get cracking. Kelly, I want you to do makeup. Oscar, I would like you to do costume design, obviously. Phyllis, I'd like you look around town and see if we have any celebrities in our local area.
Okay, okay, Phyllis this is what I want you to do. I want you to go down to the mall. I want you to get in line. I want you to get her to be in this commercial. This would be a huge coupe people. All right? Do not take no for an answer.
Line it up Phyllis.
Time out, time out, time out, time out, time out. I thought... I was under the impression that this was going to be a rap.
Okay, Darryl, wow, you need to learn a lot about your own culture. I'll make you a mix.
Stop. Stop stop stop stop stop stop. This is not me. This is not my music.
No, I hate it! I hate it! ...I don't hate it, I just don't like it at all. And it's terrible.
Okay, you know what. Hold on, hold on Darryl.
No. I said I hate the, the style.
Okay, wow. Wow, this looks uh, terrible.
Andy, Andy, this is a pivotal scene in the ad. And if we don't get this, if we don't nail it, we're going to lose the whole triumph of the moment. The triumph of the will. Now, God, what? What Phyllis?
That'a girl.
Did you, or did you not get Sue Grafton?
Ugh, can somebody give her a tissue please? 
I'm about to send the ad to corporate... and it is sent. They'll probably watch it right away. I know I would. Okay. 
Pam, please clear my phone lines.
They could call at any second now.  Oh God...I better call.
 Well, it's been tough. The uh, geniuses at corporate rejected my commercial and tonight they are airing the brain dead version. So welcome one and all to the world premiere of Corporate Crapfest!
No, it was stupid. People like waving, waving sells. It's not art. Yet we made our ad, the real one was full of humor, and full of depth, and full heart and it was real.
That was fun. Next round of drinks is on me, people!
