I got gum in my hair.
This just stinks. Don't touch it, please don't touch it.
OK, let me be.
I was walking in and I noticed something shinny under Stanley's car and I got under to see what it was and I messed up my hair, all for a stupid piece of tinfoil.
Kill me... right now.
I don't feel like peanut butter. Get me an ice cream sandwich.
Hey, hey, hey. This is my hair we're talking about.
Smells good.
Oh don't. That's disgusting.
Well just don't leave it on too long. Keep massaging please. Ah yeah, that's nice.

I will be honest; the dating has not been going well. Look, men are visual creatures. We crave beauty, like a piece of fine art by any number of renowned artists, or an arty photograph of Cindy Crawford nude... that, but the women I'm getting fixed up with are, egh! Not that they aren't nice, or that have great personalities, they just... They just lack a certain... Crawfordness.
Ladies and Gentlemen, may I have your attention please. I know that a lot of you are very angry with Ryan because he is the reason we all have to come in tomorrow, however, I swear to God, If any of you hurts him in any way emotionally or taunts him or makes fun of his height or his half beard or...
Yeah.
 Ryan has done a very good job, and I am not applauding sarcastically. Think about it, a month ago nobody would go on this site because we were worried about getting molested, or losing our identity, having it stolen. But now, at a time TDB, all of the problems will be in the past. Ya done good kid, ya done good.
Well it has been nice seeing you again my friend.
Oh Ryan, I need a girlfriend so bad. 
Argh. Alright. Do you know any girls in New York you might want to hook me up with? Some that might be interested in a guy like me.
Na?
Well you tried.
Yeah.
They sound great.
Would you have s*x with Meredith?
Do you think she'd keep it quiet?
Jim, it's not the horniness, ok it's the loneliness that...
Let's go to New York. We'll go clubbing with Ryan.
Yes you can, you're single, I'm single. It'll be awesome.
Who you dating?
That's still going on?
Ok, Dwight grab your stuff, we're going to New York to party with Ryan and to meet girls.
Sorry Andy. Cannot take any chances on curses, not tonight. Let's go. Everybody, I will see you tomorrow, Saturday morning, probably wearing the same clothes that I am wearing right now, If you catch my drift.
I am going to go get laid. Goodbye.
That's... I, I think that...
Ryan's assistant told us that he would be at this club this evening. It is called Prerogative.
Place is packed.
Packed with beautiful babies. Swingers. Classic. John Favreau, tall guy from DodgeBall.
No, they're just hotties.
Hey.
Hey!
Well you know, just taking you up on your offer to party, so tada.
Alright!
Yeah.
Ryan, it's Michael and Dwight.
Ok.
Well.
Alright!
Let's do it!
Hey, nice to meet you.
Oh ok, all I know is I would like some chicken fingers and a Midori Sour.
Oh ok, then just bring me two cups, one with olives and another filled with maraschino cherries.
I umm, thought about getting a tattoo on my back as well at one point. I was thinking about getting "Back to the Future." "Back" because it's on my back and "Future" because I'm the kind of guy who likes to look ahead into the future. I just think a tattoo should mean something, you know? And it's my second favorite movie.
Back to the Future?  Oh, wow. Well you should take a, a film education course.
Forty... I'm in my forties.
Nuhh...
Oh, OK.
You are welcome.
This place is like sexy pre-school.
I would love a place where we could meet older girls.
Ahh, wow. That's dangerous.
You're kidding.
I've never met anyone who does that. You wash dogs? Very cool.
I am a bank teller.
Ryan told me to always tell women you work in finance.
I think so.
Yeah, I have fun.
All right.
Very perfect. 
She washes dogs.
I know. I don't wanna get ahead of myself, but I think I want her to meet my mom.
Yeah, maybe. 
Hmm...
 Yes, I shaved above my neck. Oh my God, mom, I gotta go. One of my friends is getting beaten up by some girls.
 Those girls really wailed on you bad.
Well...
Pretty weird. 
Let's go.
I know, here we go.
This is it.
This is where the magic happens.
Very nice.
Dwight, I'm the boss.
Case anyone needs to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, I don't wannna get my head stepped on.
Dwight, shh shh. Dwight. Leave him alone.
Shh. Ryan, Ryan, we're going to take your clothes off.
Shh, just stop. Here's what you do. You tell him that you're his friend and that you're gonna help him and that everyone's gonna be all right. And then you put a wire on him and you find out who's selling him drugs and then you get that guy and you flip up, turn him into a snitch. You follow that guy to the people who's really really bad. Been watching The Wire recently. I don't understand a word of it.
Best night ever.
Like I said, it's not about the horniness, it's about the loneliness. And how can I be lonely with my boys? Like a famous person once said, Boys on the side. But I don't, I disagree, I say... let's hear it for the boys.
