Hey, Phyllis, do I need this invite to get in to the party?
Awesome. I think this is going to be the best Christmas party ever.
Oh, hey, is that Princess Unicorn? I thought they were all sold out.
Cool.  My horn can pierce the sky.
This is equal parts scotch, absinthe, rum, gin, vermouth, triple sec, and two packs of Splenda. Call it a one of everything.
Alright... One more time around the block.
Jim, Jim....
That is vodka and I mixed it with orange juice. I call it an orange-vod-juice...ka.
Yeah.
I know.
 Oh, so this is what every day would be like if you hadn't left India.
Can not do it then. Monthly dental appointment, soft teeth
No, no. I celebrate privately.
Why don't we just do it now? We'll do it quickly.
We'll do it quickly.
 What if we can't do it quickly? What if we cant do it--
Hey, shut up. Here we go. Everybody gather up.
An intervention. It's sort of hard to describe, but really its-- it's a coming together... it's a surprise party for people who are-- who have addictions. And you get in their face and you scream at them and you make them feel really badly about themselves. And then they stop.
Okay, how do you feel?
Uck... T.M.I.
Okay, you know what I thought we should do is have a quick intervention and then get back to the party.
I am not asking her to stop drinking. I am imploring her to quit being an alcoholic.
Yeah, obviously you are. Okay, everybody who thinks that Meredith is an alcoholic please raise your hand. 
The aye's have it.
Alright, well, let's look at this a little bit closer then shall we? 
Meredith, have you ever used alcohol to alter your mood or deliberately change your state of mind?
Do you sometimes have a drink to celebrate a special occasion or mark a holiday?
Have you ever under the influence of alcohol questioned the teachings of the Mormon church?
I got it on a website, that's not important.
Okay, you know what Toby? One of my employees is undergoing a crisis and I wish for just once you would take my side on this. I'm doing your job man. Hey, are you texting?
Alcohol is a drag. Yes. Here's what I'd like to do. I'd like to go around the room and have us each express to Meredith how her alcoholism has affected us. I'll begin. This Christmas party is perhaps the best Christmas party I have ever been to, but then you got so drunk that we had to stop and do this. That's how your drinking affected me. Anybody else? Another time when Meredith's drinking affected you? Come on people. If we don't say anything she's not going to get any better.  Yes, Kevin.
That's-- you didn't-- you weren't hurt by that.
Okay, no, that's not what we're going for. Who has a problem with Meredith's drinking? It has to bother you. It bothers me. Right? How does it bother you? Dwight, don't you have anything?
Who is going to tell us the latest dirty joke? Who is going to tell us what you watched on television last night?
Was John Belushi fine? Was Bob Hope fine? Hey-- come here. If anything ever happened to you, I would be very angry at myself for not doing all that I could do.
I want you to say I'm an alcoholic.
You can say it as loudly as you want, but we're not going to believe you.
 Alright, no, no, no. No. That is the image, I think we can all agree is very disgusting. But you know what, Meredith, you lit your hair on fire today. What about tomorrow.? What is going to happen when you come into work and you're dead?
Everyone in this room loves you, but mark my words, we are not going to support your alcoholism anymore. The next time you light yourself on fire we are not going to help put you out.
Dwight--
...okay.
Enabler! Enabler, enabler, enabler, enabler, enabler. It's Christmas and we are turning our back on somebody who is asking for help.
You know what the only thing I want for Christmas? I want Meredith to get better. That's my only wish. But you know what? My wishes never come true, so I'm not going to wish that on her. I-- a watch would be nice.
 Could you write down the number of that rehabilitation center that you mentioned?
We did?
Oh, shoot. Oh well, we'll have to go someplace else then I guess.
We could go there, sure.
Yes, yes.
I have a new place.
It-- yep, recently.
All right.
Yeah, oh there you go.
That's good.
We're party girls.
It's okay. It's all right.
Meredith, we are doing this for your own good. Okay. Come on--
Here we go. This is gonna be good.
Yes you are. 
Shhh... just calm down.
 Come on. Shh...
Here's the door. Here's the door.
 Let's start meeting-- Hello. How are you?
I have a deposit. Alcoholic.
So do I sign?
As it turns out you can't just check someone into rehab against their will. They have to do it voluntarily. They have to hit rock bottom. So I think I know what I need to do at this point. I need to find ways to push Meredith to the bottom. Um... I think I can do it. I did it with Jan.
