Is there someone there? Who is there? I hear voices, is somebody there?
Is someone there? I can't see you because I'm blind.
 It is?
They're back? Oh! Oh! Oh, Pam! 
And oh, Jim...
Oh, I haven't see you since my accident that I had when I fell- I fell into the pool of acid, eyes first. Blind guy.
Blind-guy McSqueezy. How do I describe it? It is a character I've been workshopping whose lack of vision gets him into all sorts of trouble. The women in my improve class absolutely hate him. 

I have recently taken a lover.
Pam's mom.
Pam's mom, Helene. Remember from your wedding?
About what?
Oh, big time.
She drives a green camry.
And the seats go all the way down. All the way down.
 What?
Okay, good, a pact. A pact. Although I may have to break it tonight when Helene and I tell Pam over dinner. You alright?
Get the hell out of here, idiot.
I think you're underestimating Pam. I think more than anything, she wants me to be happy.
Okay, I have a good thing with the mom-
She's right on my way home from work.
I di- alright, I'll take surface streets, its- the last thing in the world I would want to do is upset Pam.
Yeah.
Can you change my dinner reservations from four people to two?
Sure. Thanks for asking.
 Oh, wow.
That is amazing. I feel like a real Puerto Rican.
Erin, look. 
Yeah.
Yeah, no, it's nobody.
 Hmm... no.
I don't.
 I don't deserve this, guys.
No, I don't.

I was probably going to break up with her anyway.
Pam, it is very complicated. There are a lot of moving parts here.
It is.
You want me to be happy?
Part of the problem is, she is the mother of a close friend of mine.
More than a friend, a co-worker.
It's okay.
That could have gone one of two ways, but I never expected her to get upset.
Okay.
 Feels good.
I'm sleeping with Pam's mom. Sometimes, dinner.
 Due to a certain recent incident, corporate has asked all the branches to come up with ideas as to how we can better communicate with our communities.
That was a hit job. If you read the Dunder Mifflin press release it clearly states that they had absolutely nothing to do with that particular cancer cluster. So if there is a lesson to be learned here and I'm not sure that there is, it is that in order to help our communities, we need to put other people's needs ahead of our own.
Who wants to help the world one step at a time?  Alright, good.
Alright, that's...
Alright...
Okay, I'm out of here,  see you later guys...
Ok, oh no here's an idea... conservation...
Anybody else? Who else has an idea?
 Hey boo!
 What's it... why are you crying?
 No, no, no, I'll talk to her. I will... No... nobody talks to my baby that way... uh ah... yeah, I'll let you know how it goes. Alright, by pickle.
 Pamela Morgan Beesly, you need to apologize to your mother right now.
For trying to find happiness in the arms of a lover?
Alright, in my defense...
Shut up Oscar. Hey, alright, you know what, clearly I'm outnumbered here, but can I just say one thing, please? What is so wrong about me? I'm caring, I'm generous, I'm sensual. Is it really so horrible that I could possibly go out and find happiness.
Let's get back to the matter at hand.
No, no, no... no, no...
I don't like the tone here... this is a place of business, you are to listen to others, you are to give others respect, and you are to keep your personal issues out of it.
Do not talk to me that way! I am your boss and I may someday be your father, so get out.
I hope that you are willing to die in this office, because I am...
 Hey Toby, could I talk to you for a minute?
Um, I just wanted to apologize for taking that tone with you earlier that was... uncalled for, I'm sorry.
Can I sit down for a second?
This is gonna sound weird, but I think I may be the victim of a hostile work environment with this whole Pam situation.
She brought it into the work place so I feel like it has to be dealt with here.
Really? Would you do that?
 You're a good, good guy.
No... that's...
I don't... um... I can't hear your conversation.
Yeah, yeah, yeah-okay... you're a jackass.  Hey, hey, you know what? You're just as stubborn as your mother, when you don't wanna do something you just don't do it.
You were right Jim, shoulda listened to you, should never have told her.
 Okay, do you want me to stop seeing your mom? Is that how we're gonna get past this? Cause, I will.
Well, that is not gonna happen!
Because I assumed that you want me to be happy because I want you to be happy.
You know what? I'm gonna start dating her even harder.
You know what it means.
I don't need to be friends with Pam. I have plenty of female friends. My mom, Pam's mom, my aunt... although she just blocked me on IM, what's her face from Quiznos, I see her four times a week.
 Night everyone. Night Pam, thanks again for the rum.
Night Erin.
