 Mmhmm, China. China.
It was great. China.
Everything here was made in China, Pam.
They used to make stuff in America, Andy. But we're falling behind, did you know that? China is a sleeping dragon that is just beginning to stir.
Yeah, right here. It is right there.  Anybody read the news any more?
I found that in the waiting room at the dentist's office. This kid had the magazine I wanted to read, that's the only one I could reach and I read it and then I read it again.
My whole life I believed that America was number one, that was the saying. Not America is number two. England is number two. China should be like eight.
What?
So much for keeping our secrets up high.
I know what we're going to do. We're going to put our best minds on it.
Everybody stop working. I want you all to imagine a world in which America is not the number one superpower, where forks are irrelevant, and where every man, woman and child is expected to learn how to play the cello. Now open your eyes.
Welcome to your future.
How do we stop it? With a big idea. That's what America is built on, big ideas. Blue jeans, the Grand Canyon. Whose got one, whose got a big idea?
Yes, indeed. Yes Kevin.
Once a week antacid is the idea to beat. Anyone else? Nobody? Okay then we are... yes.
I don't know.
Alright.
I don't know what the  that was.
No he's not right. We're not. Where would we even drop it, Phyllis? Did you know that in China there are fifty six cities with over a million people? You know how many we have here? Nine.
No, no. That is right now.
In terms of land, not population.
No, no you're wrong about this.
I got it from NewYorkTimes.com
So I happen to know more than the smartest guy in the office. So what?  I don't care.
Okay, now where were we before I bested Oscar?
Absolutely, Pam this is exactly why I hired you as Office Administrator, handle it. Taking care of business.
Very comedically humorous Jim.
Try 'Control P'.
Not if the printer isn't hooked up. You are making some very dangerous assumptions Oscar.
Hey.
Mmm.
Yeah.
Sure.
Coffee Jim.
Yes.
Alright, well I just need to learn everything about China. To be safe I should learn everything about everything but I don't have time. Okay, okay, I'll just learn about China and science and geography and math and literary.
I'm pretty good on politics. "California is bankrupt, and California, California."  What?
Pass.
Pass.
Lifeline.
I could talk about boobs. I bet he knows nothing about boobs.
Wait, wait, wait. How long is this going to take?
Is it going to be worth it?
I don't need to cheat.
Did you know, that China has a new missile, that can sink a US Naval Carrier nine hundred miles off the coast?
Did you also know that China has secretly been expanding its nuclear arsenal. But what do I know, I mean, that's just according to the Pentagon. Our Pentagon.
China has been loaning us billions upon billions of dollars. We are going to be owing them for the rest of our lives. And they will control us.
How then do you explain that in the past year manufacturing in China has risen by 17% and in the US it has only risen by 8%?
Don't... I...
Yeah, I figured that.
Wait. You forgetting something?
This chat. Two men, one white, one latina. A boss and a money cruncher. I could fire you.
Here we are.
My point is... that as long as people like you and me don't stop talking, nobody can stop the USA.
I am talking about freedom, about choice. America, I don't think you need to worry. Because if you want to beat China you will. If you don't, that's fine. That my friend, is your victory. Y'know, a lot of people say if you dig long enough and hard enough you will get to China, and that may be the true, but what they don't tell you is that if you dig long enough and hard enough in a conversation, you get to a friend. So here is to conversation.
Raise your cups on high. Case closed.
