Tonight is the Dundies, the annual employee awards night here at Dunder Mifflin.  And this is everybody's favorite day. Everybody looks forward to it, because, you know, a lot of the people here don't get trophies, very often. Like Meredith or Kevin, I mean, who's gonna give Kevin an award? Dunkin' Donuts? Plus, bonus, it's really, really funny. So I, you know, an employee will go home, and he'll tell his neighbor, "Hey, did you get an award?" And the neighbor will say, "No man. I mean, I slave all day and nobody notices me." Next thing you know, employee smells something terrible coming from neighbor's house. Neighbor's hanged himself due to lack of recognition. So...
 Hey hey hey! It's Fat Halpert.
 Jim Halpert.
So why don't I take you on a tour of past Dundie winners. We got Fat Jim Halpert here. Jim, why don't you show of your Dundies to the camera?
Oh, that's a good idea.
Gyaaah. T.M.I. T.M.I my friends.
T.M.I.? Too much information. Ah, it's just easier to say T.M.I. I used to say "Don't go there" but that's... lame.
And here we have Stanley the Manly. Now Stanley is a Dundie all-star, aren't you Stan? Why don't you, ah, show them some of your bling.
Oh, no you di-int.
W-why did you...
Yes we should. I... you know what? I wanted one of those skillets of cheese, but when I got off stage,  someone had eaten all of them.
 To Oscar Martinez it's the "Show Me the Money" award! Yeah!
 He has the award-ah! ...it's a type of song that we are going to play for the ladies. Hit it, Dwight!
 A little bit of Paaam, all night long, a little bit of Angela on the thing...
...a little bit of Phyllis everywhere...
 ...a little bit of Roooy eating chicken crispers... ...a little bit of Jim with some ribs, a little bit of...
 Will her highness, Jan Levinson-Gould, be descending from her corporate throne this evening to visit us lowly serfs here at Dunder Mifflin Scranton?
Well, you could take the bus. You could work on the way here. Sleep on the way home.
Wuh... Come on, Jan. This is important. I mean, this is, this is, validation to my employees here that you and corporate approve of this. So...
Um...
 Could you...?
Yeah, I'm here, I just wanted to, uh, talk to you for a second about that.
Um, what, ah, what is, I mean...
...come on, Jan!
You're dropping an A-Bomb on me here.
Well, yeah, I mean, what is...
No reason?! It was the 05 05 05 party...
...it happens once every billion years.
Okay, no, that was a FUN raiser. I think I made that very clear in the fliers, fun, F-U-N.
Well, I think a lot of people were very affected by the footage.
This is a little character I like to do  "Name three businesses that have a better health care plans than Dunder Mifflin." Here's the problem. There's no open bar because of Jan and it's the reason why comedy clubs have a two drink minimum. It'll be fine, I just...wish people were going to be drunk.
 The Dundie award for "Longest Engagement" goes to Pam Beesley.
Pam, everybody! 
Whoooo! When is that girl gonna get married? That's what I have to say. Ah, Roy's accepting.
 Thank you Roy. Are there any words you'd like to say, on Pam's behalf?
 Yeah, oh, hope not! Oh God!
I'm not changing that, it's the best one.
That's why it's funny. Every year that Roy and Pam don't get married, it gets funnier.
Oh,  lazy. Uh huh.
Yes.
Okay, well, that's just ridiculous, so just don't, I-I don't have time for this right now.
Just don't, don't talk-
Don't talk-
Just STAP IT YAP IT!!!!
Okay, look, I know there have been a lot of rumors flying around about the Dundies this year. How there is no money, and how there is no food, and how the jokes are really bad, but WHAT THE HELL EVERYBODY!? I mean, God. The Dundies are about the best, in every, one of us. Can't you see that? I mean, okay, we can do better. so, tonight, for the first time, we are inviting all of your friends and family to attend the awards with us.
Yeah, not bad, right? So let's make this the best Dundies ever.
"The Dundies, how can I explain it? Awards you like to hate it. I'm psyched you all made it. You never had to work so hard and feel that no one notices you. You're just a name and number and no one even says hello."  Card!
"You down with The Dundies? You down with the Dundie-"
Alright, alright, joke landed. So we are here, thank you all for coming to the 2005 Dundie awards.  I am your host, Michael Scott. And I just want to tell you please, please, do not drink and drive. Because you may hit a bump and spill the drink!
Nope, actually this year, ah, no group tab, we're going to be doing separate checks.
I did. And why didn't ya Stanley?
Well, I'm looking forward to meeting Terri.
 Um, good. Speaking of relationships, of all, all way shapes and forms. Um, I was out on a very, very hot date with a girl from HR, Dwight.
No, that...for the sake of the story. And things were getting hot and heavy.
And I was about to take her bra off...
...when she made me fill out six hours of paperwork-
No!  God.
 Alright, so let's get this party staaaarrrrted.
Um, guys, where you going? Pam, show's just getting started.
And now... to someone who quietly goes about their job, but always seems to land the biggest accounts...
...the "Busiest Beaver" award goes to Phyllis Lapin.
Yeah, way to go Phyllis. Nice work, per usual.
What? I told them busiest...idiots.
Well, we'll fix it up. You don't have to display that.
 Herro everybodeeee. I'm gonna cwall Jan Revinson-Gould.
 Oh, dat wir be fwar. Ah, me so horny.
Right? You know wat I'm talking 'bout.
This next award goes to somebody, who really, lights up the office.
Somebody, who I think a lot of us, cannot keep, from checking out. The "Hottest in the Office" award goes to... ...Ryan the temp!
Yeah.  "Hidy ho, you sexy thang. You sexy thang you." Here you go.
And the "Tight Ass" award goes to Angela. Not only because she is everybody's favorite stickler, but because she has, a great caboose. So...come on down.
The "Spicy Curry" award goes to our very own Kelly Kapoor! Get on up here. Here you go.
Um, not everything means something, it's just a joke.
I don't know, it's just...
I know. It's ju- they didn't have any more businessmen. So...
Just sit down Kelly.
 Here we go, he's early with the cue. Here we go.
 "You have won a tiny Dundie."
Hey, thanks guys. Hey, where you guys from?
Oh, alright, yeah.
Uh, you know what guys, we're just having a little office party, so if you want, uh...
 Hey, you know, cool it guys, really-
Let's cut it. 
 This last Dundie is for Kevin, this is the "Don't Go in There After Me" award. It's for the time that I went into the bathroom after him, and it was really, really smelly. So...
There you go.
 Alright, alright, alright, okay. Alright, we'll keep rolling. Okay, this is the fine work award. This goes to Stanley, for all the fine work he did this year.
You know you did.
And this next award is going out to our own little Pam Beesley...
...I think we all know what award Pam is going to be getting this year.
It is the "Whitest Sneakers" award! Because she always has the whitest tennis shoes on!
Get on down here! Pam Beesley ladies and gentlemen!  Oh, here we go.
Pam Beesley ladies and gentleman.  Oh! Thank you.
Was this year's Dundies a success? Well, let's see, I made Pam laugh so hard, that she fell out of her chair, and she almost broke her neck. So I killed, almost.
Great work tonight.
Excellent.
Yes, that too, but I mean with the audio. Great work.
