Coat! 
Steak! Where's my steeaaak?
Get me Armani.
On the phone.
Where's Armani? He's on the phone. Too slow. You are not going to Paris. I'm so much better than you are. 
I owe you an apology.
Yeah. It was awesome. Big surprise ending. Won't ruin it for you.
Meryl Streep is the bad guy. Never see it coming. Anyways, if I was mean in any way to you, I am sorry. I just want what's best for you, Mo Chuisle.
I haven't heard the same about you. So let's just go with mine.
We already have a sofa. So why do---
It... folds up. You've only seen it flat.
I--- Ok. How much is this going to cost?
Yes. Money has been a little tight lately. But, at the end of my life, when I'm sitting on my yacht, am I gonna be thinking about how much money I have? No. I'm going to be thinking about how many friends I have, and my children, and my comedy albums. I mean, I have a yacht, so I obviously did pretty well money wise.
It's just that you say it's gonna cost what it costs--- 
Put him through. Yes. Ryan, my man!
Yes, and thank you for sending that to me.
Okay, yeah, I dunno. I dunno, I think those IT guys messed up.
 Wait, oh, no, here it is, here it is. Found it.
Oh! Um, actually, I need the car.
Use to have two cars, traded 'em in, now we're down to one. Good economic sense. Although the new car is a Porsche. For her.
You can not, I have a thing tonight.
What?
Oh no, I have a thing tonight.
How about this weekend?
Dammit to hell. I-I-ugh, ok. All right.
You wouldn't understand. It's a secret.
I'm sorry Mr. O'Brian, I didn't mean to interrupt your dinner. I just have a very exciting offer. My records indicate that you have expressed interest in losing some weight. Well, what if I told you that I have a pill that will make you 50 pounds lighter in 5 minutes? How does that sound? Amazing right? Well, it won't be that fast, but it will---- it will be that easy.
I just love sales. I love it to death. It's as simple as that. And I don't get to do it enough as a manager, so I took this second job. I count it as a hobby. Some people have golf, or relaxing.
Hey, I just got off the phone, and I was gonna make another call.
No, they're with me, so... this is Nick Figaro, manager to the stars!
These meetings are useless.
Very inspirational. 
Or a trained seal. 
Yes, is Mr. Hudson there?
I'm just calling because you responded positively to the---
...Stanley?
 Senor, are you happy with your---
 Have you--- Have you considered satellite television?
Well your son sounds like he's really motivated. I think it's crazy the coach won't play him frankly.
You bet.
Look, I know sales, and I had that sale, I just needed a few more minutes---
It is not a waste of our time.
Vikram doesn't have my people skills.
Well, I hope this conversation has helped.
What did you get tonight?
Oh, that looks good.
I am going with the vanilla crisp this evening.
Thank you.
Really?
Wonder what I would've been back home?
I know, but it's competitive here. What's a dollar worth in your land? Medical school must cost like 40 bucks or a donkey or something.
I would've been chief of surgery... Or a cowboy.
You know what, here's the thing about Die Hard 4. Die Hard one, the original, John McClane was just this normal guy. You know, he's just a normal New York City cop, who gets his feet cut, and gets beat up. But he's an everyday guy. In Die Hard 4, he is jumping a motorcycle into a helicopter. In air. You know? He's invincible. It just sort of lost what Die Hard was. It's not Terminator.
I actually wrote a movie.
I'm writing one, yeah.
Um, sort of a spy, thriller...
Thanks, no, I have work tomorrow morning.
Okay, see you guys.  Hey, how you doin'?
Okay. How's yoga?
Wh-Why not?
Okay.
Good night Vikram.
Hey, congrats on the bonus.
I'm gonna have it one of these nights.
Good night.
Um... that wasn't much of an introduction.
Ahh, still lame. Okay. All right. Thank you, Ryan, for that wonderful introduction. Okay, um, today we're gonna be talking... about...PowerPoint! PowerPoint! PowerPoint! PowerPoint!
Yes I forgot about Ryan's presentation. And yes, it would have been nice to do well with the first presentation he had given me. But you know what else would have been nice? Winning the lottery.
And the best way to start is to hit start. And up comes the toolbar, that's what she said. What we have to do here is go to Run, and then you look up to PowerPoint. And we are in. We are going to register. You hit register--- Updates are ready. I should update. Um, estimated time 12 minutes, so this should take 5 or 10 minutes.
Why?
No, I had a really rough night, and my boss can back you up on that.
My other boss, Mr. Figaro.
What I do between 5:30 pm and 1 am is no one's business but mine and my other business'.
It won't.
Okay, honestly, it was unlikely I was gonna figure this out anyways. 
Why don't you do the presentation, because you know how to do it?
Huh, okay.
It's whoever, not whomever.
No, whomever is never actually right.
Not a native speaker.
Well it sounds right, but is it?
Thank you.
No one, uh, asked you anything ever, so whomever's name is Toby, why don't you take a letter opener and stick it into your skull.
I've never done this before. I've never quit anything in my life. So, you are filming history.
Nick, I had a dream last night that I had two full time jobs. One here at the Lipophedrazone diet pill company---
And the other I was a Regional Manager of a small paper supply company called Dunder Mifflin.
In this dream I did both of these jobs beautifully, and I loved it, and everybody loved me. But the truth is, I can't do this.
I am.
I was never in this for the money. But it turns out that the money was an absolute necessity for me. I tried to live the dream. I tried to have a job, a girlfriend, another job, and I failed. But the good thing about the American dream is that you can just go to sleep, and try it all again the next night.
Hey Kevin, you're a gambler right? A rounder, you play the ponies, small horses.
Yeah, I was thinking about doing some gambling myself. You know, just a little bit of money. Maybe doubling it, and them doubling it seven more times. I don't know, kind of just for fun. I was thinking, do you have tips, or ideas about sure things. Like a boxer who is going to throw the big fight, you know, like, like he's tied into some crooked dealings, maybe his kid is sick or something. Like, who do I call about that?
Do you know anybody in the mob?
Okay, um, Oscar, I'm going to need to take another advance on my salary.
Hey guys.
What'cha talking about?  Okay, I know what's going on. You're talking about Jim and Pam, if they're having s*x, what it looks like, I know, I think---
Hey, hey, hey.
Monkey problem? No, I'm not having monkey problems. Why would I have monkey problems?
Oh, I hate monkeys.
I don't have a second job. Maybe I'm having an affair with Suzanne Summers.
I don't talk to my girlfriend about money. It is rude, and unsexual.
I totally agree with you. But I don't have money problems, I don't. Alright, you know what? Watch this, if I had money problems, would I do this? 
Yeah, but I destroyed it, it's not even useable anymore.
No you didn't.
How would that help Creed? In Monopoly when you go bankrupt, you lose.
That is a good point.
Like the witness protection program.
I've always wanted to be in the witness protection program. Fresh start, no debts, no baggage. I've already got my name picked out, Lord Rupert Everton. I'm a shipping merchant who raises fancy dogs. That's the life.
I... DECLARE... BANKRUPTCY!
I didn't say it, I declared it.
Yeah, tell me about it.
You know, Jan has my credit cards, and she's using them as if I'm made of money, she thinks I'm a human ATM machine.
Oh, that's the Muppet Show, on DVD, classic.
That is by far the best way to strengthen your core. This machine, you sit on a stabilizer ball, you put your feet into the power stir-ups, you reach up and you grab onto the super rod, and you twist, and you twist, and you twist. It strengthens your entire core. Your back core, your arm core, the Marine Core actually uses it. I think that's how they got a core.
Mm-hm. That is so cool how you have my name at the top.
Right.
How do they do this so fast? Is this power-point?
No, no, we are going to leave Jan out of this.
We will find another way, we'll ask power-point.
You're a presentation tool if you think I'm gonna tell Jan about this.
No you're not! Ok, just... you're not a tool. Look, we'll tell her that it's bad, but it could've been a lot worse but due to some fancy financial foot work I was able to cut it in half.
She poses.
Um, that's, how did you get that from what Oscar's saying?
What am I doing? I am blowing dodge. I'm getting out of town. Whatever you call it, I am running away from my responsibilities. And it feels good.
 Runaway train, never come back. Runaway and I'm never coming back.
Hey Jan.
Not much, what's up with you?
I'm out of answers Jan.
I told you, no more answers. This is who I am now. A guy on a train with no answers. I hope that can be enough for you.
I don't know that.
I'll stay off the grid.
Yeah it is, it is. I really messed up.
That's really nice of you to say.
I think the engineer left.
Don't sell your implants please.
That's nice though.
It looks cute though.
