Hey Toby. What's this? 
 I just want to remind everyone about the company rules involving PDA or public displays of affection.
Oh really.
Is this about me and Jan? In my office? Because I will have you know that that was consensual. What we did has nothing to do with you or anyone here. I don't think. I don't think anyone heard anything. We were very discreet and, and most people had left by that point. So I don't think it's any of your business. What I think you should do is roll up the memo, real tight...
 No way.
Woooah! Wow!
Awesome!
You guys! Yes! Yes!
Oh kay, mind is exploding. Get over here.  Everyone, this is a day that will live in infamy. Because today, is the day that Jim and Pam become one.
I love you guys, so much. 
No, no, no Pam let 'em ring. Let the bells of Dunder Mifflin chime out your love. Because this is  really good, this is really good. My heart soars with the eagles nest.
Hey. Can you make that straighter? That's what she said.
No. 
Blowing up balloons I thought.
Pam and Jim are together. Ryan is visiting. Only thing that could make this day better is ice cream.
Hey!
There he is! There he is! He's back! And he's with a beard.  He... He has facial hair. Look at him! All grown up and no place to go. Hello, Mr. Sunny Crockett. I'm Tubs.
Ohh, yeah, let's get started because uh, yes, cause uh this is very serious business and umm..
...business meeting --
That's right! That's right!
Fire guy. Don't start any fires, Ryan.
Look how big he is. Look at you, you are so mature and old and little man now. You're like our little man...
Beard.
Oh, wow!
That's a little kinky. I don't swing that way.
Woooo! I think Ryan has a gay crush on me.
Yes, everybody, come on. Settle town. Let's get serious here. Um Ryan, has a very special, important presentation to do, which we will be doing in the conference room in  10 minutes?
Sounds good. OK, alright.
Yeah, Ryan snapped at me, but there was this twinkle in his eye that I picked up on, which said, "Dude, we're friends. I'm doing this for appearances. I am the big boss now. And I have to seem like an ogre. But you know me and you trust me. And we like each other. And we'll always be friends. And I would never take you for granted in a million years. And I miss you, man. And I love you." His words.
OOhh. Gimmme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme.
Ryan Howard everybody. 
Who is?
I am not old. You are old. You are like a hundred.
Yeah, kay. I was just... After the presentation, just wanted to make sure, that vis-a-vie, that everything in the office is business as usual?
Yeah, I know I understand... we're making great strides and we're updating, but business as usual, no?
Good, so, we're on the same page?
We had a foreign exchange student live with us when I was young. And we called him my brother. And that's who I thought he was. Um, then he went home to what is now formerly Yugoslavia, taking all of my blue jeans with him. And I had to spend the entire winter in shorts. That is what Ryan is like. A fake brother who steals your jeans.
Hey.
 Hey, what is the actual deal with these things in terms of testicles?
I don't want to grow weird sperm in case we ever want to have kids.
Oh, I dunno, they're launching a big new business plan. New website, blah blah blah. He's being a real twerp about it, so, it's all about youth, and agility and streamlining and trying to squeeze out the older people.
Well...
What is that... word?
So older people have just as many rights as younger people?
Good, we're all here, we can get started.
Have a seat.
Have a seat. Like everybody else.
Still my office, Ryan.  Well, there has been a lot of talk about new ideas today. Well, new ideas are fine, but they are also... illegal, because they are a form of ageism. What? Yes, I am right. Did you know that the Age Discrimination and Employment Act of 1967 prohibits employment discrimination based on age with respect to employees 40 years of age or older? I did.
Hey, shut up Toby. Look, why do we as a society hate old people so much?
No, Creed, no they are not. In fact, many cultures revere old people because of their storytelling ability. Like the old lady from Titanic.  Yeah.
I was going to put up some new pictures, but umm, all of the ink in the printer was gone.

Sure thing. 
Fine. Then I will call David Wallace and you can explain to him why you threw the founder of the company out on his ancient butt. 
Bob, how old are you?
Eighty-seven years young. And still active. That is great. Did you know, that Bob is still a member of the Board of Dunder Mifflin?
Ah, still sends his own proxy. Good for you.
Wow.
Oh, boy.
Great.
Great.
That's great. Thank you for coming in.  Thank you. That was wonderful. Do you have a ride?
Perfect. 
Inspirational. What have we learned? Well, we have learned that you can't teach an old dog new tricks, because it's illegal, and you will go to jail. 
No, No. Don't help him. He doesn't need help, Pam.  What a nice guy.
Good night guys. 
I disagree, I think it was very valuable.
I happen to think the old ways of doing business are better. And I can prove it.
Smell that. Do you smell that?
No, Dwight. That smells like good business to me. What I have done here is I have collected all the finest gourmet items that Scranton has to offer.
Yes, no! No, those are for our clients. Actually, our exclients. I'll explain, later.
Ryan wants everything in our company to be about emails and IM's, but I think he's forgetting about the original instant message. Letters attatched to baskets of food.
Hey boss, I didn't know you were coming in today.
I am glad that you asked, listen up everybody. In the last year, we have lost seven clients to the big chains. These gift baskets are our ticket back into their lives. We are going to show up at these businesses unannounced, and we are going to win them back.
With peanut brittle, with macadamia nut cookies, with chocolate turtles, with raspberry jam and a little bit of fat and salt because you know what? That's what people like.
Ever since I was a kid people have been telling me I can't do things. "You can't be on the team", "You can't move on to second grade". Well, now they're telling me that I can't win back clients using old fashioned business methods.  We'll see about that. And FYI, I eventually aced second grade, and I was the biggest kid in class.
OK. We're gonna split up into teams. Jim, Phyllis. Stanley, Dwight. Me Andy.
Why don't we just go as teams to demonstrate our teamsmanship?
Yes?
OK, that's not helpful Phyllis.
Gift baskets are amazing, Phyllis. Gift baskets are... the essence of class and fanciness. They are the ultimate present that a person can recieve.
Fine, I'm just going to go by myself, and I am going to win them back by myself because this is important to me. 
No, this is my quest.
Fine. Then God speed. To both of us.
We don't need luck.
But thank you, that was really nice of you to say.
Business to business. The old fasioned way. No Blackberrys, no websites. I would like to see a website deliver baskets of food to people.
It is in the body shop. Had to have the dent taken out of the hood where I hit Meredith.
I know. So who's next?
Who?
 Wow, those things are heavy! There's a lot of stuff in there. We have macadamia nut cookies, um, the honey mustard pretzels. Have you ever tried focaccia crisps?
Yes we do.
Well...
Mmhmm.
OK, you know what? Just enjoy the gift basket and remember that we provide a personal touch.
Well just, uh enjoy the gift basket.
Alright.
 That guy was so... how can they not know how much better we are?
That is true.
Yes, she is nuts.
How do they know? How does this know where to turn? That's very impressive.
And the last guy says "No, hairy body".
Ah, well it's still very good. I bet I know someone who hasn't heard that joke... your daughter Emily. How's she doing?
She's gonna be like eleven this winter? Wow, they grow up so fast. I have a few of my own that I want some day. Listen, I don't want to take any more of your time, I know you're a very busy man. The reason we have stopped by is to drop you off this elaborate bag of goodies, and to ask you to reconsider.
OK, OK! So you'll reconsider?
Ah... .is that all you have to say?
Look, we want you back.
Well, no.
No it's not.
Why would he come back? I will tell you, Dwight. He would come back because we offer a wide selection of products and because you're definitely not getting the same sort of customer service that you get with us.
Look... we're also coming out with a website soon. It's a state of the art thing, it'll be up and running, it's gonna cut costs and it will make ordering much much easier.
Great, the magic of the gift basket.
OK, good. Don't let Emily have any of the cajun almonds, she's alergic.
I don't get it, I really don't get it. I thought this would work. I do everything I had at that guy and nothing.
That is a very good point, Dwight.
No, it said right, it said take a right.
Maybe it's a shortcut Dwight. It said go to the right. 
The machine knows where it is going!
The machine knows--- stop yelling at me!
Let go, let go of me!
 You sure you're OK?
Good, that is what's most important.
What a disaster, this whole thing.
These people just don't realize what a gift basket means, they don't get it.
What about that last guy, Aaron? Is he a jerk. "I don't even know if I want it. They're website is so easy". Yeah, well, you can have your technology jackass, look where it got us.
Hang up.  You know what we're gonna do? We're walking back. We're walking back to that office and we're gonna reclaim our gift basket!
We're gonna take what's rightfully ours! We're gonna take a stand, Dwight! We're gonna take a stand!
Give it back. The gift basket, give it back.
Yeah, maybe we should, maybe we should leave. Come on, let's leave, but before we leave my wet friend and I are going to wait for our cabs on yours nice couches! 
Look, my clothes are so wet!
It's been opened.
What's missing... the turtles. Where are the turtles? Where are the turtles?
WHERE ARE THE TURTLES? WHERE ARE THEY?
May I have your attention please? This office will not be using any new technology ever, starting now.
Ryan thinks that technology is the answer. Well guess what? I just drove my car into a lake.
I drove my car into a  lake. Why you may ask did I do this? Well, because of a machine. A machine told me to drive into a lake. And I did it! I did it because I trusted Ryan's precious technology, and look where it got me.
Exactly!
Maybe, maybe not, time will tell. But I will tell you one thing. Those gift baskets never endangered anybody's lives.  Game set match... point... Scott... game over... end of game.
Everyone always wants new things. Everybody likes new inventions, new technology. People will never be replaced by machines. In the end, life and business are about human connections. And computers are about trying to murder you in a lake. And to me the choice is easy.
