Morning.
 Hey, nobody cares. Nobody cares. I need that room at some point, so just, wrap it up.
Hypothetically, if I were to ask you to go camping, and you know what hypothetical means?  Not real.
So if I were to hypothetically ask you to go camping with me, would you go?
Really?
Oh, you wanna go today?
How often can you actually donate blood?
Your body only has a certain amount.
Yeah, just this whole Toby, camping thing, uh, seems a little lame.
A bunch of guys, in a tent? Making s'mores? 
Hello, I'm Broken Mountain. You know, here's the thing. That's not how you go camping. I think you go camping by yourself---
In the wilderness. It's not with a group of guys frolicking around in tents. It's one guy, or two guys, if your plans change.
I wanna do it myself. You know, I want to go and, and find out something about myself, I wanna get outta here. All the cliques, and the office politics. Fluorescent lights. Asbestos.
I'm sick of it Jim. I'm sick of this place.
When Jan and I had satellite, we used to watch a reality show called "Survivorman." And, it was interesting because it was about a guy who would go out in the middle of no where and just try not to die, try not to get eaten by an animal, or be overexposed.
OK, I will only need two things. Roll of duct tape and a knife.
OK. Thirty minutes or less, please come back. Save the receipts.  Hey, what...
Hey, hey hey! Dwight. . Dwight.
Dwight and I are going out. He will return later, but I will not. I will also be taking a personal day tomorrow, and perhaps the next day.
No.
Dwight will be driving me deep into the Pennsylvania wilderness.
Where he will then leave me to either die or to survive. The choice is yours.
Yes, and I am leaving you in charge of the office for the rest of the day and for the next several days. Do not try to follow me.
This is a very personal, private experience in the wild, that I wish to share it with me, myself and I.
When I return, I hope to be a completely changed human being.
This is what a true survivor man does. You simulate a disaster, like a plane wreck. You could only wear the clothes that you have on, and you could only use the stuff you have in your pockets. Now, in this case, this disaster is a serial killer. Creepy guy who's abducted me and is taking me out into the wilderness to leave me for dead.
Well, yes I would. And I would survive.
Well...
You...
You... you are as creepy as a real serial killer. For real.  OK.
I am putting this on so I have no familiarity with my surroundings. Now this way, I can't retrace my steps. I don't know what streets we've been---  Ow! What are you doing?
No! Gosh! Dwight.  Stop it, stop it! Stop it.
Just, please allow me to have one cathartic experience in my life?
 Look at those wrinkles. Blacks do crack! Not crack the drug.
 Happy Birthday!
 Happy Birthday!
 Happy Birthday!
Dwight will take my blindfold off when we are deep in the forest. Just the two of us from this point out.
What are you doing? Stop. Dwight, Dwight. Just --
Stop.
Alright, good. Thank you, Dwight.
Alright, very good. Ahh, OK. 
Thanks for the ride. OK. Leave me be, Dwight. 
 OK. OH, there we go. Watch that I don't hit my corroded artery here...
There we go. .
I'm going to wear what was once one of my pant legs. 
See, this is a beautiful piece of material  This could be used for all sorts of things.
Some sort of kerchief to keep my neck nice and comfortable.
I am totally alone right now, with only my thoughts. I love it. I'm loving it. I can literally say anything I want. No one is gonna here me.  Wish I could have gone with Ryan on that cool retreat! Jan has plastic boobs! I HAVE HEMORRHOIDS! Doesn't even matter.
Well it is a little chillier than I had thought, so I have fashioned my hat back into my pants. Several hours in, time for me to find some nourishment. Now, these woods are full of creatures that can sustain human life. Things like, uh, squirrels, nice juicy rabbit would be delicious.
I have made this spear, with which I will impale my dinner. And it couldn't come a moment too soon because I have been without food for a good three hours or so. I'm startin' to feel it a little bit. Ohh... It's Creed's birthday.  Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to Creed. Happy Birthday to you. Happy birthday, buddy.
Well if you take a look at this, I tented my pants. I've made myself a nice pants tent shelter. And this little guy  may be Dunder Mifflin paper some day.
Under this tree, I think I struck the mother load. Those 
Yeah!  Alright, skip around the room. Skip around the room. We want -- OK, alright. Yeah, don't do that. You're gonna break something.
Man became civilized for a reason. He decided that he liked to have warmth, and clothing, and television, and hamburgers, and to walk upright, and to have a soft futon at the end of the day. He didn't want to have to struggle to survive. I don't need the woods. I have a nice wood desk. I don't need fresh air, because I have the freshest air around, A.C. And I don't need wide open spaces. Check it out.  I can also make it the sky.
Hey, buddy.
What up?
You are relieved.
So what did I miss?
Oh.
Yeah, okay, I did that. Rookie mistake.
Uh huh. Yeah, just wait. Ten years, you'll figure it out.
That's what I said. That's what she said.
I never know. I just say it. I say stuff like that, you know, to lighten the tension. When things sort of get hard.
Hey! Nice. Really good. Bravo, my young ward.
