But I would say my favorite art form is a tie between sculpting and stand up comedy.
You did?
That sounds like it was hilarious.
Yes?
You'll have to be more specific Dwight, I get like eight emails a day.
Woo hoo, shout out!
Erin, do we have the journal?
Did you?
Oh, the Wall.
It's $1.99 to finish the article. I wonder what it was going to say? 
No, no, that doesn't make any sense.
Oh, that sounds awful.
Oh God. Well, that's an interesting theory.
Ah, well maybe you should spy on him. 
OK, OK. Good. I'll catch you on the flippity flip. Bye.  He's busy, he'll call me back when he's free.
No, I'm just poopin'. You know how I be.
Crazy world. Lotta smells.
OK, we need some sort of distraction for everybody. Anything new on YouTube? Doesn't even need to be good. Oh God, I can't think, need more Mullins.
Monkey see, monkey do.
Monkey pee all over you.
We have a monthly staff meeting

Games have the power to distract people from stressful situations. Battleship got me through my parents' divorce. Operation got me through my vasectomy, i.e., my operation. I don't think I would have been able to endure my breakup with Holly had it not been for Toss Across.
It is so much fun. Everybody plays a character, we go around the room, we try to figure out who did it...
This is my call Jim, big picture stuff, it's about murder.
Tube City, you owe me one.
There will be food. You leave, you do not get food.
Sandwich platters.
Baby carrots. 
OK, here are your character cards. Take one, pass it down. Here is your prop box, some of your characters will have props. Now, on your character card, it tells you who you are, and what your alibi is. Everything else is up to your imagination. So, if you talk slowly in real life, your character could, say, have been kicked in the head by a horse.
OK, use your imaginations.
It's not scary.
Well how do you think I feel? I mean I have to play Caleb Crawdad, handsome playboy. Every night, a different woman. Being oogled. Having to hug and kiss and spoon, I make them feel beautiful.
 Well, well, well. What is this contraption, I do declare?
Who's Michael? I'm Caleb Crawdad, I do declare.
That is the way Southern people talk.
Delta Burke, I do declare. Now, shall we get to the mystery?
No, no, no. Don't turn this into a political thing.
Oooooo, doggie, we got a party now!
I do believe that the game is a big hit. People are really diving into their characters.
 Sir, there has been a murder, and you are a suspect.
Very good, very good. Now, no one was there in the wine cellar. 
 Whoa. What's this strange Yankee accent coming out of your mouth, son? This here's Savannah.
No no no no no no no.  I'm going to skip forward to a relevant clue. Here we go.
 Nellie Nutmeg, come back in here. I can't do this myself. Voodoo Mama Juju... what am I gonna do?
 I do believe you have me mistaken, my name is Caleb Crawdad. Y'all skedaddled way too soon. We need to reopen this case.
No it ain't.
I already declared you, it was too dark to tell.
This is not a game, this is my life. You are out of order, sir.
You are out of order.
You are-
 Deb, what in the world - do you have the vapors?
Can't wait, we have to get you to our witch doctor right now. Come on. Come on.
To Mama Juju Boo Boo.
Because this is the recreation of a crime scene.
No Michael here, my name is-
No, you shut up. They need this game, Jim. Let us have this stupid little game, alright? 
 Oh, you startled me. My stars, my heart nearly leapt out of my chest. What can I do you for?
Detective Wallace?
Aw, shucks, tell him I'm not here.
No, I only answer to Detective Wallace 'cause I got a warm body in the other room.
A murder, you say? I do declare.
Get in there!
There has been a lot of murder and a lot of intrigue. My little heart can barely take it no more.  Today is the hardest I have worked in a long, long time.
On the count of three we're all going to put down our guns.
We'll put down our weaponry on the count of three, you ready?
One, two, three.. 
