Pam, could I see you in my office?
Pam, you're trustworthy-
And a woman-
And I want you to listen to a voicemail from my boss.  "Michael, it's Jan. I guess I missed you. I'll, uh, be there this afternoon for performance reviews. I hope it's understood that that will be our only topic of discussion. See you soon." First impressions?
My boss is coming in today, the lovely Jan Levinson-Gould will, well, no Gould. The Gould has been  swack, divorced. Um, the awkward part is that this will be the first time that we'll be seeing each other since, well, uh, it was really nothing. We just sort of got caught up in the moment. The vulnerable divorcee gives herself to the understanding, with rugged good-looks, office manager. Just, uh, she didn't want it to continue for some reason. It, we both, I didn't want it, we both didn't want it to continue. Was not professional. Um, when people say something's mutual, it never is. But this was mutual.
 "I guess I missed you." I guess I missed you. So, she misses me?
But then she goes on to say "that will be our only topic of discussion". That doesn't mean anything, those are just words.
Ok. Yeah, what, what?
Ohhh, great. Well, now I'm in a terrible mood. Let's do your performance review-
Ah, why, that's great news? That, that, then why would, why would I not like that?
Oh, wow, wow. Alright, let's listen to that again.  "Michael, it's Jan. I guess I missed you".
Really?
God, Stanley, that's frickin' brilliant. How do you know that? Did you learn that on the streets? Sorry.
No kidding.
Good work, Stanley. Great performance review. Stanley in the house, everybody. Woo! Angela, your turn.
Yeah?
Oh; Angela, you were totally satisfactory this year.
Interesting. Jan is calling me. Maybe it wasn't so mutual after all.  Yeah?
Jan! To what do I owe this pleasure?
Well, hello to you, too. Um, yeah, I was just um, I just wanted to get some closure on uh, what transpired between us at the meeting we had in the parking lot of the Chili's.
Well, surely this uh, review is a formality because of what happened uh, at our meeting in the parking lot of Chili's.
Oh.
Been thinking about you.
Um, I don't see how that's unprofessional. Just-
Yep.
No.
They are not. Yes, they are.  That's my girlfriend.
Pam, I have ideas on a daily basis. I know I do. I have a clear memory of telling people my ideas. Um, is there any chance you wrote any of my ideas down? In a folder? A "Michael-idea" folder?
That's unfortunate. How 'bout the suggestion box? There's tons of ideas in there.
The suggestion box that I put out, and people could be put in suggestions anonymously? Maybe there's prizes?
Why don't you find it and tell people to get theirs... never mind, I'll tell them. Hello, everybody? Yeah, uh, attention, please. Jan Levinson's coming, very soon, and so, we're going to have our weekly suggestion box meeting, so you can all get your constructive compliments in a.s.a.p.
What did I say?
Well, Kelly, that was neither constructive nor a compliment, so maybe you should stop criticizing my English and start making some suggestions. 'K?
Hi, Jan. How are you?
Good to see you.
Ok.  Ok, why don't we just step into my office? We're gonna go in here.
Yep, right after you. Apres-vous.  No calls.
Alright .
It's nice to see you.
Really?
Oh, well.
Alright.
Yep.
Absolutely.
I'm a little confused. 'Cause first it's all like kissy-kissy. And then it's like all regret. Because "Oh, I regret that." But, "Wait, I'm still gonna call you." But, but, "We're just gonna talk business. And I may come down and fire you if you don't do your job." But what were talking about when we first kissed? Business.
No, no, no, I finished all of that. I'm very fast. I'm not too fast. Not like wham-bam-thank ya ma'am. But I do say thank ya ma'am. But, I'm, I'm not like wham-bam. Not that there's anything wrong with wham-bam. If it's consensual.  We're talking about office stuff. Can I ask you a question?
This is a business question. It's nothing personal, I promise.
Are you wearing a new perfume today?
Well, you're wearing it at the office. And  it, I'm sorry, but no offense, but it's really sexy.
I don't understand-  Yes, Pam.
I'm kind of in the middle of something. I wish you wouldn't interrupt.
I did not, not, not use those words.
No, it's in like ten minutes.
Why are we here? Because I value your opinions. Now, I know a lot of don't think that I read your suggestions, but I do. I just sift through them every week and I really look and scrutinize to see what you guys are writing. Um, so, let's, uh, just read some of these suckers. Alright. Number one: "What should we do to prepare for Y2K?"
Well, obviously this one got stuck in the box.  That happens occasionally.
And, um, one down. Next suggestion: "we need better outreach for employees fighting depression". Ok, alright, enough with the jokes. Nobody in here is suffering from depression.
Oh, ok, well, yeah, who wrote it?
Tom. Then it is a joke because there is nobody in here named Tom.
Oh, that guy? That guy was weird. Alright, next suggestion.
Arrr, dooby dooby do. "You need to do something about your B.O."
Ok, I don't know who this suggestion is meant for, but it's more of a personal suggestion and it's not an office suggestion. Far be it for me to use this as a platform to embarrass anybody.
Well, Toby, if by me you are inferring that I have B.O., then I would say that is a very poor choice of words.
Was I, Creed?! Ok, well, you know what? I am implying is that when we're on an elevator together, I should maybe take the stairs, because talk about stank. Not that I would ever say something like that in public, and I never have, and I never will. I just think it's something that we should all be aware of. Ok? Now that we've learned this, let's continue. See, this is good, we're learning and we're figuring some stuff out. "You need to do something about your coffee breath"-
Ok.
Shut up, shut up, shut up, Dwight, OK. I don't think you people are grasping the concept of the suggestion box.
Yeah, is that hard for you? Alright, well-
I'll work on that-
Let's keep going. Keep it going. Yep. What do we have here? We have somebody's piece of gum. Somebody put a piece of gum in there. This is not a, a garbage can, this is the future of our company. This is not a place for gum. I don't wanna have to read these tomorrow.
Yeah, what? Uh, alright, next suggestion.
"Don't sl-", ok, that's blank  Don't, just put it-
I don't understand why you're so upset.
Let me ask you-
Ok, let me ask you this.
Let me ask you something.
Where did you get your outfit?
I just don't understand why you have to pretend like nothing happened.
Look-
Oh my God...
What do you want Dwight?
Ok, great. Your performance has been adequate. You may leave; goodbye.
You wanna talk now, good; OK, Dwight, leave.
Why on earth would we give you a raise?
You do? How do you get in?
That is a serious offense. Very serious. As is toying with a man's heart.
Ok, third wheel, why don't you do that?
That was deer!? Gross, oh!
Oh, did not!
What do you say, Jan?
Ok. You just, uh, clear your head.
That's from Superman?
Wait.
Wait, wait, wait, come, I just, I just wanna know why?
Ok, so you're saying that there is a different time or place?
Well, ok, well never as in 'never ever ever', or never as in there's still a chance?
I just want to know, from the horse's mouth, what is the dealio?
Am I too short?
Really?
I appreciate that, thank you.
No, I wasn't, I didn't cry-
So my looks have nothing to do with it?
Jan is not in a place where she feels she can have a relationship right now. And it doesn't matter how great a guy I am. And that is all I needed; I'm good. I can go home now.
Hey, it's 12:20; where the hell's Dwight?
Never missed a day, my ass.
