 It is disgusting. I totally agree. Well, we're going to recalling all of that paper.
We have a crisis. Apparently, a disgruntled employee at the paper mill decided that it would be funny to put an obscene watermark on our 24 pound cream butter stock. Five hundred boxes has gone out, with the image of a beloved cartoon duck, performing... unspeakable acts upon a certain cartoon mouse that a lot of people like. I've never been a fan.
Everybody in here. STAT. No time to lose. Cri-Man-Squa. F and C, doubletime.
Crisis Management Squad.
Front and Center. Twice as fast as you would normally go. Any other questions?
To save time, Jim.
You know what? Bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh! Forget it. Where is Creed?
Creed. Quality assurance. Your job. I really think you screwed the pooch on one, Creed. Because of you, the entire company is in jeopardy.
We have a lot of angry customers out there. This puts us at threat level midnight. Accounting, you are on customer service duty today.
Midnight, Oscar! Don't worry, Kelly will be training you first.
Jim, big fire in your house. Your client, Dunmore High-school, sent out their prom invitations on this paper. Went home to all the kids.
No, no, no, no. Not good enough. This is a keystone account. I want you in the school. In person.
I want you to bring a partner.
No, sweet cheeks. We need someone who's actually made a sale. Andy, you go.
No, no. I need two men on this. That's what she said. No time! But she did. NO TIME! Guys, get on this. Dwight, I want you to be in charge of the press conference.
No, Pam. The press is just gonna find out by themselves.
Here's the thing. When a company screws up, best thing to do is call a press conference. Alert the media, and then you control the story. Wait for them to find out, and the story controls you. That's what happened to O.J.
I have invited Barbara Allen, one of our oldest clients, to come in here, and meet with me, for a personal apology. The press wants a story, I will give them a story.
Here is your headline. "Scranton Area Paper Company, Dunder Mifflin, apologizes to valued client. Some companies still know how business is done." Okay? Battle stations everybody, let's go, go, go, go, go, go!
OK, press conference in 45. Dwight, make sure this place looks nice.
Mrs. Allen is our most important client... because every client is our most important client. Even though she's a pretty unimportant client, really.
And so, with the eyes of the nation upon us, I would like to say that Dunder Mifflin truly regrets this unfortunate incident. And, as a gesture of gratitude, for your continued loyalty, Mrs. Allen, I would like to present you with this novelty check, for six months of free paper or 25 reams, whichever comes first.
So, let us consider this matter ended.
I know, I know you're angry. And we are truly, truly sorry.
Well, we are extremely sorry.
We... are going to do everything humanly possible, to ensure that this never happens again.
The watermark... it's a one time thing.
OK...
What... can I do, for you?
Well...  OK, well... Um, wasn't really my fault. The guys at the papermill---
The guys at the papermill--- No no no!
I'm the head of the company?!
No, I'm a regional manager---
No--- my--- OK, this is insane. You can get out of here. Get out!
That's insane. We'll give this to somebody who will appreciate it.
Doesn't matter. Out please!
Yeah, well I'm calling the Ungrateful Bi-atch Hotline!  Did you get all that?
We gotta do something.  This is spinning out of control, Pam. This is just, not...
No, then Newsweek picks it up. And then CNN does a story about it. Then... YouTube gets a hold of it...
You're right. It will blow over. But it's not... going to take... a week or two.  Do you know what this is for?
 OK, I think that's good.
"Hello. I am Michael Scott, Regional Manager of Dunder Mifflin Scranton. By now you are probably sick of hearing about Dunder Mifflin and our embarrassing watermark boner. Let me tell you something. Something from the heart. I am not leaving this office. It will take a SWAT team, to remove me from this office, and maybe not even that."
That's how devoted I am to this job.
I know.
I understand that, Dwight.
Do you think you're taking it a little... literally, Dwight? And now we're wasting tape. I'm gonna have to cut this all out. Can you say cut?
So I'll know where---
I'm asking Pam to do it, please.
OK, ready?
Five, four, three. "There is no way, I will resign. It wouldn't be fair. Not to the good workers I work with, not to my clients, and especially not to me. Let's not forget who this whole resigning business is about, anyway. If I could leave you with one thought, remember... it wasn't me. They're trying to make me an escape goat. If I am fired, I swear to God, that every single piece of copier paper in this town is going to have the F-word on it. The F-word. You have one day."
That's... they always give an ultimatum.
Good, cut?
Thought so too.
