I will do my job to the best of my abilities.
I will do my regional manager job to the best of my capability.
Specifically, Jan, I will make at least ten phone calls to clients.
Yes, I have to begin every day by letting Jan know what I intend to accomplish, and then I have to call her at the end of the day to tell her what I did accomplish. But it's not mandatory. It's something that I... wanted to do... and so it's voluntary, really. Even though she... makes me. I think she just wants to hear my voice. Because we're no longer lovers, and she's just hurting. But things are going well with Carol. I've seen her seven times in the last few months, and I'm growing very fond of her kids. Tommy, who I call Tomas, and the little girl...
 No.
Okay. 

Hi, honey. You holding up?
Yeah.
Oh, good. By yourself?
Aw. Well, hang in there, okay? You know what? You should get one of this big body pillows. That way you wouldn't miss you-know-who so much.
Roy.
Today I'm headed to Philadelphia for the annual Northeastern Office Supply Convention.  Wooo-yaaaaah! Oh, these things tend to be kind of crazy.
 Ah.
Per-diem.  You know, Ryan, it's all about the Benjamins.
 Right there.
Yes. What? Oh, yeah, have Pam give those to me.
Sure you don't want to come?
Gonna be fun! Change your mind we can get you a cot.
A couple of years ago, I went to one in Hartford. "Connecticut." And Todd Packer and I went to this bar and met a girl. And  But to answer your question, yeah, I'm really excited about this weekend.
See that factory?
I almost worked there.
Yup. Yeah, I applied for a job there.
I was going to be a bottle capper.
I know, I know. Crazy world. Crazy, crazy world.
Josh reminds me of a guy I went to high school with. Big football star, girls loved him. Whatever. Guess what he's doing now. He's a TV announcer for the Eagles. Up in the...  He doesn't even get to play in the game, I mean.
Okay. 
It is not your business, Dwight.
What do you know about management, Dwight?
I'm not firing anyone.
... What?
Okay. Here we go. Everybody, you know what? It dawned on me we were all in there watching a movie together before we were so rudely interrupted, Let's get back in there.  Come on. Movie Monday! Come on, Stanley let's go.
Ryan?
Okay, well, we had scheduled this time to watch a movie together, so I guess I will just go play some online Scrabble.
So, she sleeps with him, but she is still in love with the head surgeon, um, the McDreamy guy, and she starts crying, but the dorky doctor, he's in love with her... 
Really?
Oh, wow. He...
Does his family know?
But I'm the first in the office?
Okay, yes, sure, I will do that...
...'Cause I'm the first to to find out. Nobody else knows and it is my responsibility to tell them. Well, good. How are you holding up? Want me to come over? 
Ed Truck died. And it blows. They say that with grief, time makes it worse, which is bad for me because I found out before anybody so I've had more time to be sad.
I would like you all to clear your schedules this afternoon, because I am telling corporate to send in a grief counselor. We need to find out what is blocking you. And that way, we'll be able to honor Ed the way he deserves to be honored. May he rest in peace.
What was that, Kevin?
No, you said something, didn't you?
You think that's funny.
You are disgusting.
No, that can't be right.
Well, then I guess that makes you about the worst grief counselor in the world, doesn't it?
You're ruining it, already. They should not be given the choice.
Wow. Wow. No. No. You are the most heartless, soulless person I've ever met.
No. No. Shh. Enough. It is going to take me hours to undo all the damage that your have done here. Dwight, Ryan, I want you to take the table out. We're gonna go on a five minute break, and when you come back, we're going to start with a clean slate, and, in the interim, I would like you to forget everything that Toby has said, okay?
I don't think I'm overstating it when I say that Toby is a plague on this company. And he is worthless. You give people a chance to shine and they blow it, just like you knew they would. Grief counseling is not about, "Are you hungry? Would you like a sandwich?" These people are so far gone, you have to stick a food tube down their throats.
Okay, part of the problem was that Toby talked at you. Now, I am going to talk with you. First off, I want you to be comfortable, because you really can't grieve if you're all tight and buttoned up. So, guys, loosen your ties, just take your jackets off if you want. Ladies, let your hair down. You know what? Even take your shoes off. I wanna get personal and I want you all to really open up. And I want you to know that anything and everything can be said.
I found an exercise in Toby's binder that he managed to miss, that involves screening the part of you that says, "I don't wanna do that. I don't wanna talk about that. That is too private." Here's how it works. I'm going to throw you this ball.

That's... Hold it, hold it, hold it. Start, like, right in there.  Just dig.
Okay, give it to me. You don't know what you're doing. All right. 
Nothing. Let's just... all right.  Guys, do you have a box we could use?
Well, that's really not the way I roll, because sometimes I'm in the zone, and sometimes I'm in the zoning out.
Do you want me to go on Amazon and order you a slang dictionary? Cause I'll do it.
Yes, big if.
A woman spurned.
I always do.
If you lay a finger...
Would you look at that?  Damn it, Dwight! Come on.
"9:00 to 10:00, checked in with receptionist. Met with Jan, RE: log. Lost log. Found log." "10:00 to 11:00, light salad, three points." That's on the wrong page.
Okay. That sounds good.  Yes. Actually, today's a good day to do that.
What makes them so good?
I mean, they're just dough twisted up with some candy. They taste so good in my mouth.
How do I explain this to Jan?
Oh, please, stop talking. Three words or less.
An Indian Halloween. Okay, great.  Pam, could you put Jan on, please?
Hello, Jan.
Well, I was letting everybody go to the big Diwali party.
What is Diwali?
You don't know what Diwali is? Wow, Jan. I'm surprised. It's the Hindu festival of lights. I just assumed you'd be familiar with it. It's the most sacred and honored Hindu holiday in the world. It's like Christmas, Easter, and Halloween---
---rolled into one.
I bet you're not even aware that our own Kelly Kapoor, who works in...
... customer service is a Hindu person.
And.
Yeah.
You do?
Oh, I dunno about that.
For Kelly, that seems a bit much.

Yeah, you should see her naked.
I had promised Carol a romantic evening on the town. Um, I wanted to take her on this spooky hay ride thing, but it was like seventy dollars a person, and she's allergic to hay. So I said, "Pop a Claritin, and I will spot you the seventy bucks," and she's like "I don't like to borrow money or take unnecessary medication." And I'm like, "Well you're really not gonna like what I slipped in your drink last night." And she's like, "What the hell are you talking about?" And I'm like, "I'm kidding. I didn't put a roof..."  So yes, I'm very excited about the Diwali party.
And perhaps the most important person to Indian culture, Sir Ben Kingsley. Because of him, the British left India, and then he became an actor like Ronald Reagan.
Yeah?
So, any questions?
And this is, don't tell me, Martin... Ne... Ne...Nack.
Martin Nash. Okay.
Good.
What are you talking about?
All right, just...
Smiles.
Good, what's funny?
Oh, nicknames, yay! Penguin power.
Good.
Hey, girls. What's happening? Startinng to blend? Well, before long, you guys keep hanging out, you guys you are gonna share the same menstrual cycle.
Can't we all get along? No, we can't. But here's the thing: yes, we can. Well, why not? Because of differeneces. Well, can we overcome these differences? No. Can we find each other and connect with each other in spite of these differences? No, we can't. But, we have to try and that is why I created the Integration Celebration.
I need somebody to pick a card. 
All right. Good. Thank you. . So to be a great salesman is to be a king of hearts. Turn over your card.
So I think in order for us all to work together well we must come together as a family and then we can all be  a king of hearts.
Dwight, don't, don't be a suck up.
What I want all of you  to do is approach one of the new people and tell them the one thing that you like most about them. Who wants to start? Who wants to give it a shot?
Okay Meredith, let's give it a shot.
 Beautiful. Very good, nice.
Okay.
We heard it.
We heard what you said. You didn't cover it at all.
 They're gonna have... You can't say that, all right?
 Idiot. Dwight's an idiot! Did you catch that or did... did the cough cover it?
 You're a jerk. Dwight's a jerk!
William Randolph Shakespeare once wrote in one of his plays, and I'm paraphrasing here, "Love doth be poison." Brilliant. And a lot of people don't give Shakespeare enough credit. They think it was somebody else. A-holes.
No, no, no, no. You know what, I better hold off. I wanna make sure I don't dial Carol before I get drunk.
Yeah. You know what? I am. I'm gonna call her. That's a good idea.
 No, I don't think I'm asking too much. I think it's only fair that you tell me exactly what I did wrong. Okay. Uh huh. Well that... yeah. Uh huh. All right. Well, could you tell me something that I did right?
Oh, honey, here's Stanley.
He is also in an interracial relationship, so, you know, if you have any problems, you can always call him.
Sounds good. Okay, let's go.
I just had the best, most romantic week of my life in Sandals, Jamaica. Went with a lady, and we laid on the beach and drank fruity drinks for free, because it was all-inclusive. And then I flew back to Scranton, and then they lost one of my bags.
Hey, Mister tally man, tally me banana, six hand, seven hand, eight hand, BRUNCH!  So delicious. Dinner, too. And every morning I would watch the sunrise and I would eat a mango. That is how I want to feel all the time. It's called island living. You know, how they say take a chill pill? In Jamaica, I took one. Guy on the beach sold it to me for $40. And after I finished vomiting, I was more relaxed than I ever have been. Lost six pounds, too. That's how I want every day to be.
Yeah, mon. Me just got back to the office.
Me had an i-rey time.
Dwight, please, please.
I just got back from vacation, mon, all right? So chill. Let's don't... Don't harsh my mellow, mon.
Presents. I got presents for everybody. Dwight, a genuine Rastafarian wig.
Andy, I got you a genuine Jamaican T-shirt. They love Milli Vanilli down there.
You are so welcome, mon. Angela, you just got leied. 
Yes, you did. Okay. Oh, Pam, I forgot to get you something.
I'm just kidding. Coconuts for your coconuts!
 Try it on.
Go ahead. Let me know if I miscalculated the size. I don't think I did.
Stanley, I got you some ganja. I'm just kidding. It's coffee. I bet you wish it was ganja.
I just got back from vacay. Come on. Give me a break, man.  Waves over Jamaica, $6.99.
Okay, let me tell you a little story. When I was on vacation, I met a man named Bavon. And Bavon takes people parasailing. And you know what he said to me? He said that he loves going to work every day. How many of you can say that you love going to work every day like Bavon?  No one.
His name is Bavon. And you know what? I'm sure Bavon gets sick of his job, too. I'm sure he would like to take a day off. I'm sure he would like to spend a vacation selling paper, but he has the right attitude. And that is something that you learn when you go to Jamaica, and you really apply yourself.
I would love to take them all to Jamaica, but is that good management? Yes. But is it the best management? Well, I can't afford it, and corporate won't pay for it. So who's the real criminal?
How many of you know the meaning of the Jamaican term, Hakuna Matata?
I...
Oh, that's red eye.
Well...
Hey, can we just focus?
Okay. Well, Jan's email password is not Dunder Mifflin, Sandals, Jamaica, Michael, Michael Scott, Jan Scott, or Mrs. Jan Scott.
Her passwords aren't going to be Dwight, Dwight. That's stupid. Okay.
Don't you have some sort of chaser or gobbler thing that you can send out that's able to eat up that other emails? I read about something like that. Well, I am in America and I am online, so I do think it involves you. Uh-huh. And if I were a subscriber, would then you be able to send out the gobbler? I'd... Yes, I will hold.
 Hey! Hey! Stop your mouth, please.
Hey, Stanley, in case I don't see you again after tonight, here is your bonus, $1,000 cash. Keep the change. 
It is Jamaican. The exchange rate is 65-to-1. I don't remember in which direction.
Yes, good luck with that.
Well ultimately I went into business to inspire people. They say those who can't do, teach. I can do both. I teach doing.
Wow! That's a lot of books, do you have, umm, one book that sums up all of these.
So no?
Oh, umm, ever since I started here, I've kept a diary of all my sales.
No, it's just mileage mostly, but there's one chapter that I call wisdoms. I'm going to read you a series of statements, and I want you to tell me, on a scale of one to ten, how smart they are.
Don't do what I say, say what I do.
Just getting warmed up. Mistakes are just successes that you mess up.
This... You know this is a scale of one to ten?
OK. Do you want me to repeat that?
Everybody please stand, and get up on your desks.  Just stand right up.
That's, yep a little flimsy. Umm... OK... Ahh... Alright, no more desks. Oh OK.
I have a lot of big ideas, and the trick is to get it out of my brain and into theirs, in a way that is easy to swallow. Simple...  Kids love candy bars.
Lets try a little... Little social experiment here. Raise your hands if you like to buy things. OK, I see some people who like to buy things. You're it, you are the reason this world rolls along, give yourselves a round of applause. Say, say you want to start a business, and business is all about buying and selling, is it not? So say you want to sell lemonade, or stickers. Something you have to keep in mind, you must, and you might want to jot this down, you must sell the stickers for more than you bought the stickers for.
Oh, Oh, I take umbrage to that premise...ses. Umm, let me ask you this Yep.
No no no no no. Never follow, always lead.
OK.
Very good.
OK.
Bop bop de Bope bop bop bop bop bop. You only have me for a limited time... Yes.
How can I put this? That question makes you sound gay.
What a weird day. I don't understand it, but you don't get to understand everyday of your life. Maybe five, ten days a year, I'll get home and I will have no idea what the hell just happened. Guess everybody has days like that. Sometimes they're the nicest ones. Still, I think there might be something wrong with Jan.
Look, I am not a gazillionaire. I can't... I can't dress like Donald Trump dresses. I have to stay within the parameters of my budget. I can't shop at a fancy Norwegian boutique. I buy my suits the old fashioned way. I buy them from discount stores... or on eBay. And when I found out that Ross was having a midnight madness sale, I ran, not walked, as per the instructions on the flier. And I got there, and when the doors opened, all of these women ran to this one bin. And I did too. And I grabbed this suit. And a woman, sort of a, I don't know, Missy Elliot type, grabbed the jacket. And, uh, we had kind of a heated tug of war. And I could tell by the way she was screaming that this must be a get. And I figured she was just buying it for her husband, to answer your question from before. Um, anyway, she s... socked me, in the eye. And she got it, she got the suit. But, I went to the Ross, in Trenton New Jersey, and I found the exact same suit. And I didn't have to deal with Missy Elliot.
OK, come on everybody, go time. Pam let's go.
Don't worry Pam, you will be answering phones for the rest of your life... Your long lovely life.  saved it.
Here we go.
Field Trip.
Like we're going to the science museum.
Learn by touching.
I've been told that I'm a tactile learner.
Kelly, Ryan looks great. You should be thankful that you...
I...
Sum it up Darryl, sum it up.
We got beat today, Dwight.
But it was not a fair fight.
It was the warehouse guys...
... Dwight, they embarrassed us...
... because they had a much scarier safety presentation.
You know what's funny? Robin Williams.  Not nice. I must show people how dangerous office can be. High five... Now that's funny.
How do you make depression sexy? How do you... How do you get people interested in depression? That is the conon... the conun... the conumbery
Those warehouse guys, think that we are all flabby, middle management, nerf balls. Well I'm going to show them that we have nerfs of steel. 
Yeah, Drew.
You know Drew, why don't you go inside. Dwight come here. Where should we put this?
OK, good. Thank you. Wanna take our time, do this right.
I'm going to wait. I don't want to say this twice, it's too painful and I'm too depressed.
I will miss you the most Ryan.
Coal miners, crab fishermen, Dog the bounty hunter, all dangerous jobs. But also upper middle management.  Wow! I could have fallen off a roof today... And you don't worry about falling off a roof when you work on a crab boat... And there are no roofs in coal mines.
The key to a crisis is dealing with it right away. Like that aspirin company that sent out the poisoned aspirin in the regular aspirin bottles. If you don't act fast, you will lose customers.
With dissatisfied clients, it doesn't matter what you did. All they wanna hear is that you're sorry. They're like women that way. And this client is a woman. So when I say I'm sorry, it will be twice as effective.
So we're good?
I'm sorry.
Okay.
All right. We are infinitely sorry.
You understand? You... you get this check.
The customer is always right. Mrs. Allen was our customer. She was wrong. Is that a contradiction? No. Because she's not our customer anymore.
Hey, Mom. Happy birthday, belatedly. Sorry I forgot. I had put it on my calendar and Pam threw that out.
And without denying the seriousness of the situation, I would just like to remind you that in much of the Netherlands, swimming naked is the norm. So in Norway, you'd be the weirdos.
Are we ready?
Okay. Am I shiny?
Okay. We good? Okay, that's enough Aqua Net.
 Stop it.
I have literally apologized an infinite number of times on this, and there are still calls for me to resign. Calls from an annoying woman, and possibly even the media alike. Well let me tell you something, something from the heart. I will not resign. I need this job. My mortgage is hundreds of dollars a month. With this job, I can barely cover that. I have a company car, but I still have to pay for gas, and gas prices are high. And I have no savings whatsoever. And it wasn't even me. It's so not fair that they want me to resign.
Love it.
Uh, yes, I am.
Uh, yeah, it's okay. Its just, I don't think the cartoons are very funny.
The a cartoon that goes with each article. This one says Mel Karmazin? I don't, I don't know. I guess I get it.
We should really start recycling.
Orgasms, why can women have them? Yep?
Sometimes I imagine what it would be like to be a woman. I have a full-length mirror in my bathroom, and before I get dressed I will tuck myself between my legs just to see. And, um, it's uncomfortable. So maybe I do understand.
I got shotgun. Damn it.
Look at that! Come on! Free underwear!
Hey, Pam, how bout something like that for you. Could sort of cover up any imperfections in the mid section. Just show off the twins a little bit.
Idiot.
I learned a lot about women today. And any man who says he totally understands women is a fool. Because they are un-understandable. Jan and I broke up. Why? Because she didn't like one message I left on her voicemail? But that is her peariagative. I thought I understood women, but maybe, can't believe I'm gonna say this, maybe, women don't understand themselves.
So we have about an hour and a half. I suggest that you all go potty now and then we will be congregating on the party bus. Fun on wheels. Only way to travel. Besides a monorail.
No. No, no, no. No guests today. Classic gang only. Just us good friends, and Karen and Andy.
Pam, you broke up with your boyfriend and then kept working together. How did that work out?
Acrimonious.
This way to the party bus. Good.
It's a bus that takes you to a party. Here we go.
Here we go. Come on. Okay, everybody here?
Then, Mr. Driver, we are off like a herd of turtles! Johnny Carson. 
Nothing.
No.
No!
No.
No, we are not.
You are really annoying me. If you don't knock it off...
...I'm never gonna tell you anything ever again. Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!
No. We're only 10 minutes from the lake.
Yes, I am choosing my apprentice. Which is why I have modeled all my games after Survivor.
Any questions?
Yup.
Yes, for dramatic affect.
Very good, Jim. Pam, please note that Jim is very astute. All right, are we ready?
Set!
Go!
 Okay. Pam, who came out best in the race, in your opinion?
Because he wasn't following the rules.
But they didn't complete their task, Pam! If people can't carry an egg in a spoon, blindfolded, then what does that tell you about how they will be able to manage a sales report, or conduct a business call?
Exactly. Are you sure you're doing that right? Taking an awfully long time.
Okay, all right.
It's very important that you all try to eat as many hotdogs as you can...
Son of a bitch. God! Okay. All right you know what? Here we go. On your mark! Get set!
No mustard! No mustard! Just... eat it. Eat it, Phyllis. Dip it in the water so it will slide down your gullet more easily.
No, no, no, no, not that--- just... come on, you guys, let's do it! I'm serious. Who's got the hungry?
Who's got the hungry?
Come on, Ryan...
Ryan, I want to see you with a hot dog in your mouth. Right now.
 Ready! Go!
You? You haven't made a sale.
Don't try to flirt your way into this. Sometimes you really creep me out.
Andy Bernard is in first place with four hot dogs! Dwight Schrute is a close second with three and a half! Here comes Stanley! Here comes Stanley, with three hot dogs!
This is an inflatable sumo suit. 
Well,  I've actually done a lot of thinking about that. And in ten years, I am living in a big house, with my kids. And in this house we have screens on the walls that have famous art on them and I have a remote that works everything, that has like a belt-loop attachment, or in my ear, like a gluetooth. And, because it's the future, I can take just a little tiny pill and get all my vitamins for the whole day.
Well, I don't know what it's gonna be called, but... my point is, the future of this company is now. And the future... is me.
Jan got fired. And I realized that I could not work for a company that would fire my girlfriend. But more than that, I realized that... I couldn't take a job that would take me away from this place. This is where I belong. This is... my home. And home is where the hardest.
Heart is. That makes a lot more sense. You think they'd help each other out like that at corporate?  I think not!
New York real estate. I started by looking for a brownstone, like the Huxtables had,  but instead I found this very, very, nice place in Jamaica, Queens, mon. It is on the last stop of the subway, which is wonderful, because if I fall asleep, I still end up at home. It is a suh-weeeet one bedroom. I have a roommate, uh, Vijay Chokalingham, he's a sophomore at Queens College. He actually works in the Indian restaurant right below the apartment, so... free food, and the place always smells like curry. So, win/win.
