Ok, well I did not get the job in New York, but I got the real prize, domestic bliss. Jan made me breakfast this morning... well she bought the milk. It's soy.  She probably won't be up for a few hours.
This is going to be a very good year. Very good. Jan is at home. Jim is back. My protege Ryan is at corporate. Good stuff. Um... Andy and Dwight are rockin' the sales team. I feel very blessed. 
Ladies and Gentlemen. I have some bad news. Meredith was hit by a car.
It happened this morning in the parking lot. I took her to the hospital, and the doctors tried to save her life. They did the best that they could... And she is going to be OK.
Yes. She has a slight pelvical fracture, but, ah... people have survived far worse.
Yeah.
Gah. Kind of a good news bad news there. I was able to be on the scene so quickly because I was in the car that hit her.
Yeah, it's only Meredith, thank God. But did you see the way they looked at me? Like I was a murderer or something.
It was an accident.
No.
My lord my liege.
So Ryan got promoted to corporate, where he is a little fish in a big pond. Whereas back here in Scranton I am still top dog, in a fairly large pond. So who is the real boss? The dog or a fish?
So I need a little treat for the gang. Something to win their affections back.
Well, I ran down Meredith in my car.
No, I was being negligent. But she's in the hospital, she's fine, recovering nicely. Tiny little crack in her pelvis. But she will be up in...
Yes. It was on company property, with company property, so... double jeopardy, we are fine.
Oh, right, I'm sorry. What is: we are fine?
Ok, I have an announcement.
No.
No! That is not funny, I love my employees, even thought I hit one of you with my car. For which I take full responsibility. Look I'm just trying to take everybody's mind off of this unavoidable tragedy, and onto more positive things. So I thought we should plant a tree.
So, like a freedom tree.
Pam.
Pam.
Ok, good good, so we'll just all go down there together at lunch.
Excellent!
Good work Pam.
Yaaaaaay, Pam! Alright, since I am the boss I will drive as well. Who wants shotgun?
Everyone inside the car was fine, Stanley!
Guess what, I have flaws. What are they? Oh, I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me... No, don't sue me. That is the opposite of the point that I'm trying to make.
Eww. I hate hospitals. In my mind they are associated with sickness. Oh... She looks like an angel.
No... OK, she always looks like that... That is not my fault.
No... She's in a coma.
OK... Meredith,  Ooooohhhhh. I brought all your friends from the office dear.
Yeah.
Brought you some balloons. Why don't we... here you go.  Oh! Shhhh... For God's sake!
Nurse.
 I am going to be sick... I'm gonna puke.
Oh, OK... Wait up, wait up, guys guys guys, hold on a second. You know what I was thinking might be sort of fun? Is if you forgave me in front of everybody.
Cause you know what they say in the Bible about forgiveness? Forgiveness is next to Godliness.
Well, just shhhh... just just...
Look, I just... I don't understand what is preventing you from laughing this off and giving me a big hug.
Come on. [starts to climb onto the bed with meredith.
Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked. But it's not like a compulsive need to be liked. Like my need to be praised.
OK, you know what? Everybody, let's just get over the whole Meredith thing. She cracked her pelvis, a tiny little crack. She going to be fine, so let's just...
Sprinkles?
 Oh, sh... I'm sorry Angela. Man what a day huh? How could it get any worse? Her computer crashes with the p0rn, and then Meredith with the accident, and then... Sprinkles! God, that's 3 things. I'll tell you what's going on. This office is cursed, and we need to do something about it.
Well, I am taking responsibility. It is up to me to get rid of the curse that hit Meredith with my car. I'm not superstitious, but... I'm... I am a little-stitious.
Did anyone do anything involving an Indian burial ground?
Like park on it. Or dig up a body... Toby? Anything you want to tell us?
Perfect. So our tragedy is your good luck. Satan.
Dwight, you haven't seen Meredith yet, have you?
Well, I think you should go to the hospital, and pay your respects.
Alright, I would now like to talk about each of your individual religious beliefs.
Satan is a master of lies. Everything he says is the opposite.
Thank you for the permission. Psych! Alright let's just go around the room, and tell me what you believe in.
OK.
Alright.
Kelly, you are Hindu, so you believe in Buddha.
Are you sure?
What are you?
OK, 1 Sikh, and...
You spend your whole life trying to get people to like you, and then you run over one person with your car.  And it's not even one of the popular ones, and everybody gets on your case. Doesn't make any sense... God is dead.
Maybe believing in God was the mistake. What did people believe in before? The sun? Maybe there's some sort of animal, that we could make a sacrifice too. Like a giant buffalo, or some sort of monster, like something with the body of a walrus with the head of a sea lion. Or something with the body of an egret with the head of a meerkat. Or just... the head of a monkey, with the antlers of a reindeer, with, ah... the body of a porcupine.
Oh God, Rabies?
I was in the hospital room with her. How contagious is that, is that like an STD?
This place is so cursed.
 I know a lot of you are upset with me for endangering Meredith's life by hitting her, with my car. But it may make you feel a little better to know that before that happened, Dwight endangered her life, by putting a garbage bag over her head that had a bat in it.
Turns out Meredith has been exposed to rabies. Which is like 10 times worse than a little crack in your pelvis. Thanks to me she went to the hospital and I saved her life. Curse is broken. Curse is broken people!  Oh... there is a God, and he has a plan for us after all. So go home get some rest, very very good work today. We got a lot accomplished.
Is there a God? If not, what are all the churches for? And who is Jesus' dad?
Pro-Am.
A woman shouldn't have to be hit by a car, to learn that she may have rabies. But that is where we are in America. And that does not sit right with me. And that is why I'm hosting a fun run race for the cure for rabies. To raise awareness of the fact that there is a cure for rabies. A disease that has largely been eradicated in the US. But not very many people know that.
Hi Stanley, how many sponsors so far?
Come on man, gotta step it up! It's for a good cause. Jan called this morning and pledged $500.00.
That... is for a good cause. Phyllis, how's the rabies quilt coming?
Oh, look at that, 3. Way to honor Meredith, Phyllis.
Yes.
OK. 
Alright, alright.
Shhh...
I know that you're probably scared of people seeing your fat legs in shorts.
OK, well back in olden times, a large fat person, like this, was a person of power. A person who had money, could buy food, person of respect. Like the regional manager of the day. Whereas, someone athletic and trim, like myself, was someone who worked in the fields... And I was a peasant.
Well, you're going to have to run, or you're going to be in a lot of trouble. It is not olden times anymore.
We have raised, almost $700.00, most of it from me and Jan. Um... when do they put that on the giant check? Or is that something that we write in later?
Hmm... That's a tough decision. Um... I always imagined it with a giant check. So...
Yep.
You didn't contribute very much. I was also hoping to hand the giant check to a rabies doctor. And how's that been going?
What about a rabies nurse?
That's possible. Look into that.
Have you met that kid? He's not going to college.
Come in.
Hey, hey, hey
What are you doing?
No I didn't, just please don't...
May I enter the room?
See how I did that. That's the way you should enter a room. You knock and then you wait for the all clear.
Yes, but I have an office, so why would I do that.
European offices are naked all the time.
Besides my shirt tail covered most of it so...
That's not gross, it is the human body. What is your problem? Pam you're an artist, right? Think of me as one of your models. OK, you know what, I don't want this to detract from what we really need to be thinking about today, it's not fair to people with rabies. And that's the point, right? OK, let's go have some fun.
Check that out.  Look at me, I'm Toby, I'm stretching, I know what I'm doing. Why is he even here?
OK everybody, listen up. Thank you for coming. Before we get started I wanted to say a few words about this deadly disease called rabies. And I'd like you to take a look into the face of rabies.  That should scare you. It scares me. You people need to educate yourselves. Myth: 3 Americans every year die from rabies. Fact: 4 Americans every year die from rabies. How many of you know someone who has been afflicted or affected by rabies? Show of hands. One, two, three... too many to count. It is truly the silent killer. No, it is the foaming barking killer. And it is something... Darryl what are you doing.
No, don't give him... just, did you hear anything I said?
He's happy because he's insane. You know what, that's the perfect example of the kind of awareness we need to generate. Where's the nurse?  This is the reason we're here.
Oh hey, I know you... Elizabeth?
Right? Wow, very cool you went back and got your degree. I would like you to accept this check, for $340.00 made out to science. Make sure that, that gets into the right hands.
You got it?
OK, fettuccine alfredo, time to carbo-load.
Just remember folks, it's not about winning, it is about finishing.
 Beow!
On your left!
I am fast! I'm very fast! I'm like Forrest Gump, except I am not an idiot. 
No, no water for me. Not while rabies causes fear of water... solidarity!
Rabies victims... have to live with an irrational hatred of water their entire lives. So... least I could do.
That fettuccine is sitting in my stomach like a rock.
 Excellent! ...Simpsons. Wait, Imodium or Ex-lax?

 Take bat bites seriously. Don't get bit.

I can't finish. I feel so weak, I just...
What do you want me to do Jim?
No, There are people all over the world, who have all sorts of problems and afflictions, and diseases. They're deformed, and they're abnormal, and... they're illiterate and ugly. Symphonies don't have any money. Public TV is bust. I can't do anything about it, I can't... you know. There's just one of me, and there's a thousand of them. And rabies wins.
That's a good deal.
Pam, if everybody felt that way, nothing would get done.
You just don't think I am capable, of making a difference.
You don't, you don't know me. You've just seen my pen1s. I can make a difference, remember, I'm the one who started this whole thing off by hitting Meredith with my car. And I owe it to her to finish this... GD 5k  No, no!
Finishing that 5k, was the hardest thing I have ever had to do. I ate more fettuccine alfredo and drank less water, than I have in my entire life. People always talk about triumphs of the human spirit, well today I had a triumph of the human body. That's why everybody was applauding for me at the end. My guts and my heart, and while I eventually puked my guts out, I never puked my heart out. And I'm very, very proud of that.
Hey Mer. How ya doing?
It's ironic isn't it? I mean I'm in the hospital for not getting enough water, and you're in it for a disease that causes the fear of water.
Thanks, I'm not mad at you anymore.  Wanna share?
I'm not really sick.  Nah, I'm good.
