This is perfect.
This is a dummy, a la Ferris Bueller's Day Off. We have tied a string to the wrist, which goes to the door. When somebody opens the door, the hand goes down, hits the remote, turns on the tape recorder, which is me snoring. Now nobody knows whether I am here, or whether I am gone.
But, you will not tell anyone.
Well, sometimes. Most of the time I will be with Ryan, or Darryl.  Yes? Oh good, good Stanley! First victim, this is what I want you to do. Go out, come back in. We're going to hide. I want you to tell me if this looks like me, okay?
Just go out, and come back in.
What?
Hey everyone, can I have your attention please? I just thought you all should know that Stanley Hudson is planning on leaving us, because our old friend Karen from Utica is going to give him more money to work there.
No, no, no, no, no-no, no no. You completely misinterpreted my tone, this is a horrible thing. Clearly, Karen is trying to get back at us because Jim dumped her.
Okay, smarty pants, then why? Why is she trying to take Stanley from us?
That could not possibly be it.
You cannot take the hilarious black guy from the office. Stanley is part of what makes this branch so extraordinary. The bluesy wisdom, the sassy remarks, the crossword puzzles, the smile, those big watery red eyes. I don't know how George Bush did it when Colin Powell left, and if Utica thinks that they are going to poach Stanley, they have another thing coming.
How can I get you to stay?
Yeah we all want money. But there is none in the budget, so... Tell me why you're really leaving.
Mo money mo problems, Stanley. You of all people should know that. Let me ask you this, if I were-
Pssh, kay.
Fillipellers, how's it hanging?
To the left?
To the right?
Okay, enough small talk, go ahead.
Yes, listen, um... You cannot tear Stanley from his family like this.
No, his work family. Look, this is very hard for me, but I'm going to give you my best man. You may have Toby.
You can train him. He's very very smart, and funny, and charming... You know, I can't do it, Toby is the worst. That- that was a bluff, um... Listen, if you are going to poach one of my guys, I'm going to poach one of yours.
Okay, good-bye. Wait! Wait! Karen, could you transfer me to one of your salespeople please? Your best one? 
Hi Ben, Michael Scott.
I'm going to cut right to the chase here. Do you like magic? Because I'm a genie in a bottle, and I'm going to grant you three wishes. To move to Scranton, to have a great job, and to be my best friend.
 Uh, yeah. I also saved her life, but I guess that's not as grabby.
No, I fired them, and your next. ... So what do you say?
What is that guy talking about? Scranton is not lame. Scranton is the cool, fun branch. We're like Animal House.
Jim, we're getting crapped on. Word is that our branch sucks, and we have to do something about it.
What are we going to do? We are going to make a monster sale, that's what we're going to do. Corcroan dropped Staples.
Yes they did, oh yes they did, and we are going to murder it. You, me, Dwight are going to jump into my PT Cruiser, and we're going to crush this sale. We're going to prove, what the hell is that music?
That's the problem, that's the problem. We need rock n' roll Pam, rock n' roll. Alright?  Oh... My... God, that's why people are leaving. I- I have no words.
What? What? We did?
Look at his face! Look at his face!
What are we doing, Dwight, what we are doing?
We are going on a panty raid to Utica, is what we're doing.
Uh-huh.
Yes you are. Oh, buckle up Jim.
We are going to make Karen wish that she had never been dumped by you.
In your face
Are you calling Karen?
Yep, get it.
It had to be done, it had to be done.
Hey Dwight, he found it.
Alright, you're going to miss the best prank ever.
Do you really wanna know?
Follow me, come here. Here's what we brought, we brought uniforms from the warehouse. I brought silly string, Dwight brought gasoline and chunks of rubber to make stink bombs.
No, no, not real bombs.
Uh, maybe, maybe, I don't know.
It could be badass. Yeah, it will.
Teach her to offer Stanley more money.
So, why did you and Karen break up? Was it the s*x?
I can't imagine the s*x being bad, I mean her body is...
...awesome.
Okay, I will start. Um, "A."  "A" my name is Alan, and my wife's name is Alice, we live in Alaska, and we sell... Damn it! What do we sell? Um...
I'm trying to think of what we could sell.
Ah, la, la, la. What is that? That sound... The air-conditioning leaking or something?
What is that? Dwight, are you peeing?
Come on man, that is disgusting Dwight!
I'll kill you man!
That is just so disgusting!
Afro wig, do you want the afro wig?
Yeah, Dwight, here's how it's going to go down. You and I-
You and I are going to sneak inside and pretend that we are warehouse workers. And then we will silly string the beejeezus out of the place.
 We are in a stairwell.
There's a guy, there's a guy.
Oh my God, oh my God, that was very close.
We found something far better, their crown jewel. Their industrial copier.
It's enormous, but it's got wheels. We're wheeling it down the hall, into the stairwell. Get the car ready, keep the engine running.
Aha! 
We're wedged between the copier and the railing. Ah! Ow! Ow, my leg! Jim leave us.
Save yourself!
Dwight, you gotta move!
Dwight, could you move over a little bit.
Take her to a motel, make love to her Jim.
Just say you wanna get back together.
It doesn't have to mean anything. Just, do it for Stanley. Come on Jim, just climb on top of her and think about Stanley. Ah, Jim, if this is it for me, promise me something, host the Dundies.

We tried and we failed. Stanley, you may go. Here is a box, for your things, but I doubt that that box will be able to contain all the memories that you have of this place. Fly away sweet little bird, fly away and be free. Pam, I'm gonna need some help writing a want ad.
Um, wanted I can't do this.
Of course.
Really?
