Pam, when I first opened this catalog, I thought I was just going to be picking out a chair.
 Have you ever seen this woman?
Hmm...
Look at her smile. Those eyes, look at her eyes. She's got - I don't know what it is actually, she dresses like a professional and yet you know there is a side of her that could just curl up on a couch.
Oh, yeah, maybe, but remember after my dinner party when I said that I was swearing off women?
I think what I meant was that I was completely swearing off one woman.  Jan. I think that fate put this catalog in my hands.
What is it like being single? I like it. I like starting each day with a sense of possibility. And I'm optimistic because every day I get a little more desperate and desperate situations yield the quickest results.
Ladies and gentleman, would you please open your supply catalogs and kindly turn to page 85. 
I am ready to start dating again. Getting back on the market. So, FYI, for those of you who are thinking about fixing me up with any of your friends, use the woman on page 85 as a template. That will be all.
 Listen man, I am completely over Jan, so, would you set me up?
I thought that you were engaged?
Whaaaat? God, that's terrible man. Eghh, she's crazy. Umm, are you still on good terms with any of her friends?
Oh...
Yeah... ugh. She's...  you don't deserve her. Alright.
 Oh hello Oscar Mayer Weiner lover. I bet that you have a bunch of very liberal girl type friends that trust you implicitly because they know you'd never touch 'em, because of your condition. Umm...
What?
Oh.
Hmm, I see, feisty. So she's not jolly or sassy? Not like a jolly, sassy opera singer?
Oooo. Catcher or in field?
Is she a dress wearer or a pants wearer? Could we share a row boat? Could, could a row boat support her?
I think I'm being very clear what I'm asking. Would an average size row boat support her without capsizing?  It bothers me that you're not answering the question.
Damn it, I knew it! I knew it Phyllis! OK!
What is wrong with these people? I would do anything for them and they're just hanging me out to dry.
Dating shouldn't be hard for somebody like me, but it is and you know why? Because nobody here is willing to help me. Nothing would ever get done in this office without a formal request, would it? Well, fine. Here goes.
Well, now OK, I know that this is probably not appropriate, but I need help. Because I want to play ball with my kids before I get too old. And before that happens I need to get laid. And before that happens I need to be in love. And I don't wanna hear "Ahnnn... I can't help elhh la la." No. No. I'm a catch and I am not going to be the one who got away. So, this is what we're going to do. Dwight is going to hand out index cards and I want you all to write down the name of an eligible woman for me to date by the end of the day. No, by the end of the hour or you are fired.
Hmm..
Well, look, I am in an assigned parking place in front, so... Alright, alright, alright, umm let me try to think about what it would be like to not have one.  OK, yes that would be bad.
That would be bad.
Wish I could, but I can't. Well can, but won't. Should, maybe, but shorn't.
What part of shorn't don't you understand, Kevin? Look I could probably handle it, yes, but I think it would be a good exercise for you guys to do it yourselves.
Oh you can't because I don't care. Listen,  don't forget to fill out those cards. My love cards.
Ok, Wendy. Hot and juicy red head. Give this a try. 
Hello Wendy, this is Kevin's friend, Michael.
Oh, I'm sorry, could you put her on please?
 Damn it Kevin. OK, umm, could I just have a frosty and a baked potato please?
Well, I'll send somebody to come pick it up. Just have it ready.
Well put it aside.  Umm... yeah.
Good. Good because this batch was awful. Umm... this one says chair model...
That sounds good.  Go get her. Wa-Wait, wait, wait, wait. First, go to Wendy's, get my food. Come back and then go.
She's dead?  She's so young.
Oh, God. Oh...
Try not to be so hurtful Jim.
Please, not at a time like this. 
Oh really? What's her name? Burger King?
I don't, I don't think I'm ready. Is she hot?
No question about it, I am ready to get hurt again.
 No, not the five families.
 Sorry, I don't have time for this right now. I'm trying to get a date with Pam's hot friend. And she needs to meet me right now.

 Ugh.
Is who a Michael what?
Oh, that's not, yeah I'm not... OK...
So you get the rent checks every month and what happens next? What...
Just making conversation.
Why is it so hard to meet people? I... you know... it's uh... All I want is somebody nice and sweet and someone I can talk to and share an experience with, you know? Why is it so hard for people like us?
You wanna see what I walked out on? This is gonna blow your mind.  Look at that.
Yeah. Yeah, and you can't see her whole body. Down here, she's got a boob job. Just... she was just crazy smart and really manipulative and I don't know.
Oh, OK. Well, umm... I enjoyed this conversation. It was very nice. It was like talking to the sweet old lady on the bus.
Now you ruined it. 
Margaret the land lady? Really Pam, is that what you think of me?
Oh, OK, Well I'm looking for a passionate affair, not companionship. I'm a man... of intensity, of, of cool and youth and, and passionately. God...
I don't know man. I was with Jan for so long. I was excited about meeting somebody new. Put my heart out there. It's just... 
You're right. What do you mean though?
Hmm.
 How did she die?
God.
She was so innocent.
You know I used to think that I had this perfect person out there waiting for me, but knowing that, that's just silly because she's dead. What do you do?
Oh, you move on.
 and die?
Return.
This'll be  the day that I died.
