 Hello, may I help you?
...Jim.
Ayyyy!
Ayyyy!
 What was that?
That was funny. Let's go do it to somebody else. Ayyyy!
Oh, look at that. Cupids and hearts. Really shoving our faces in it this year. You doin OK, bud?
Yeah, I hear ya. It's been four months since I was with Holly, and she was way hotter then Stacy. So if you think you're hurting...
Oh, wow look at those. How nice for you. Up there, front and center, beautiful. I think they would look better right here. 
Just about everyone in this office is single right now. Including me. And everyone is experiencing an incredible amount of emotional pain. Especially me, because of my great capacity for emotion, and it is my first Valentine's Day since Holly, so I think that I am well qualified to understand that these people need to be protected from having love shoved into their faces.
Pam, really, they're back?
Can I have a word with you, Jim?
Yes, um, Jim. Today is a very difficult day for a lot of people in this office.
Yeah. And the sexy looks between you and Pam, the general sexiness, the flowers, it's creating a bit of a hostile work environment.
Mm-hmm.
Well, if you guys insist on having your own private little love fest--
--that none of us can be a part of--
 --then, we, are gonna have our own private Valentine's Day party.
So suck it. Hey everybody, I just invited Jim to suck it, and I am cordially inviting all of you to a special convention, a lonely heart's convention, this afternoon. Singles only.
So we may not have someone in our lives that we love, but we do have each other.
I am about to give blood. The gift of everlasting life, the transfer of my bodily fluids, oh wow, that's a big needle, that --
Okay. Hello.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, me too.
Oh, well, that's fine.
Yeah, can I point something out to you?
You're actually talking a lot.
Okay, here we go.
Oh, God. 
Yup, I'm good, whew. Wow, I feel like a human juicebox.  Hawaiian blood punch.
Type O-Ocean Spray.
Yick.
I looked at the bag.
I looked straight at the bag.
Could you distract me for a second, just talk about things that don't have blood in them?
That was mean.
A hat.
That is full of soup.
What?
Oh, already.
Whew, wow I was so nervous about this I don't think I ate for three days. 

Excuse me, waitress, where did the lady go?
OK. Oh, wait a second, wait a second, that's hers. This is hers, she left her glove. I need her name if I'm gonna return her glove.
Well here we all are. Alone but together. No flowers for us.  Relationships, we don't need no stinking relationships. I think we should all go around and tell our worst relationship story, and then get past it, just blow through it, yeah? Kelly, what about Ryan? He treated you pretty terribly, yeah?
Yeah, but now his heart is in Thailand along with the rest of his body having random s*x.  Okay, sorry, let's, who else? Oscar.
Come on, I'm sure there's something you need to get off your chest.
If you wanna just, anything? Are you sure? I'm sure whatever you did it wasn't your fault. OK well, who else?
Moron, if he was there wouldn't be a story.
Really sad.
Oh my God.
Well then it's a happy ending, because he was gay. You should call him!
Alright who's next? Where's Andy?
What?
You know what guys? I don't think we need to do this.
No, no, no, no. I mean have this kind of party. I look around and I see all these beautiful people who are alone on Valentine's, and I think that there are other single people out there too. We just need to find them. There's a girl out there for all of us maybe even in this office park. There has to be a way to get all these lonely people together.
No. Not a giant net.
I was thinking maybe like a mixer.
Old fashioned meet market --
-- I don't think it is.
These people need love and I am going to get it for them Who cares if we sell a little bit less paper today? A great boss cares more about the happiness of his employees then anything else. I am going to be cupid, and I am going to shoot my sparrow at unsuspecting victims, and they are going to get hit and say "I'm in love I was hit by cupid's sparrow." Funny little bird, but he gets the job done.
Hey.
Ah, still early.
 So how you holding up?
No. No, I meant about being single today.
Meh, exactly. Eh.
Oh, here we go.
Hello. 
Babe alert!  Hello, I'm Michael Scott, welcome to our little shindig.
Lynn, follow me, come on in. For you we have one of our top people Kevin Malone. Kevin, come out here show your beautiful self.
 Where you from?
Yeah, OK. Well, he only gets better.
So, Eric. You mentioned before that you are in tool and dye repair.
Meredith recently had a total hysterectomy, so that's sort of a repair. Alright, I'll let you guys talk.
It's going very well. People are mixing, a lot of hope. Cause that's what you hate to see, when hope gets crushed.  it's not too late.
No reason.
Nobody's after me, I just, I met a woman when I was giving blood and I thought she might come by.
It's not a big deal really, I just, you know met somebody, we hardly talked, I picked up her glove so I was hoping I could give it back to her.
Believe me its nothing. I hardly even talked to her we just, we were lying there next to each other, I think our blood bags touched.
Nah. [everyone groans and Girl turns around and walks away.
Hey, you don't deserve her.
Hey, if anybody wants to go...
Really?  Oh, thanks.
You know what, you guys, you guys can get out I'm gonna soldier on a little bit.
 OK.
Four months ago, I dated a woman named Holly and, um, this is actually the first time that I've even considered getting back into that arena again. You know what, sometimes it's not about whether Cinderella gets her slipper back, but it's about the fact that the prince even picked up the slipper at all. There's a lot of princesses out there. You know, they have all different sizes and shapes of feet and hands so I think, I think my odds are pretty good.
