No way, no how. Expense reports are a day-to-day item. That is Jim's now. I am exclusively big picture, epic.
That is not big picture.
... Okay.
That is not-- okay-- that is day-to-day.
You're trying to trick me.
Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
Everyone, now would be a good time to freshen up, because I'd like everyone to meet in the conference room in five minutes. And I suggest that you bring a snack, because we may be in there for a while.
Yes?
Mmm, sure, but could I first talk to you in my office?
Welcome.
Mm-hmm.
Disruptive.
No, I don't think they are. I think the meetings are very important.
Let's do.
N-- well, to be fair, Jim... James... Jimothy... To be fair, Jimothy, the-- ah, that sounds weird. Are you okay with being called Jim?
Alright. Jim, to be fair, the conversation wasn't about planets...
At first, we were talking about introducing a line of toilet paper. And what part of the human body does one use toilet paper upon? So you draw a line from there to the other planets, and I think by the end, we all learned a little bit about how small we are.
Because it's a big universe, and we're all just little, tiny specks of dust.
You know what eats a large amount of the day are naps. You go to sleep, it's light out, you wake up, it's dark. That's the whole day. Where did that day go? I have no idea.
Yes.
Alright. No more meetings this week.
I can be very suprising.
Mm-hmm?
Yeah, just focus-grouping a product expansion idea to these folks. Got one of each.
Stanley, you don't need to answer that.
What do you mean by "these people"?
Oh, hey, everybody, I think that Jim has gone insane, because he thinks that my office is a conference room.
Listen, Jim, no offense, but when push comes to shove, what I want is more important that what you want.
What do you guys think? 
No, no, no, you don't need to go anywhere. Anything that Jim has to say to me, he can say in front of these types of people.
That is not what Wallace told us.
That is not the way I heard it.
It is one thing, me giving you the co-manager title. It is another thing, you bossing me around.
No, no, no. No, we will not call David Wallace.  I will call David Wallace.
Or David Wallace will call us on line two. Why don't we just--
Hey David, this is Michael, senior co-manager.
Got it, Dave. Sounds like your classice big-picture decision.
Which is it more of?
I thought maybe we could talk after this is over.
No, it will not be. I am on top of it.
Talk to you later--  Alright, I am looking forward to this.
I hate the fact that we have to do this together. I think we work better separately. When I am irritated and I look at you, I don't see you anymore.
All I can see is how big and gross the pores on your nose are.
You know, there's no easy way to do this. I say we add 1.5% to their paychecks and don't say anything about it.
No, we can do it during the day. It doesn't have to be that dramatic, Jim.
Jim, don't take this the wrong way. Are you gonna take this the wrong way?
You use your brain too much.
Sometimes the smartest people don't think at all.
As I was saying it.
 Con-- you look like a nerd.
Pro-- you get to share your pros and cons list with the other nerds.
Con-- you unzip your pants, and you find that there's a calculator down there.
That will not go over well.
Oh, my God! Are you gonna make another pro and con list? I'm gonna kill myself.
No! I could not do that, Jim. I can see it in your crusty little eyes that you are going to make everything perfect. If I can just think this through, if I could just think it exactly right, I can make this perfect, and then I can go down every avenue, and every avenue off of that avenue, and then another avenue.
And then another--
Oh, I do?! Tell me what they are.
Ha! That-- I am not known for that!
Yes! You went over my head to Wallace!
Okay. Well, why don't you tell me what those are, Jim? Why don't you enliven me?
Ah.
Okay, here's a tough decision for you. You suck! You suck! Is that clear enough for you?!
Okay, Skippy, here we go. Why don't you run yourself out there and tell them?  You call it.
 This had better be terrible.
That was good! That was good! Okay, all right. Well, we all know it's hard to be a boss, right? You know what? Look around you. These are your best friends. These are the people who will open their hearts to you. They all have heart-ons for you , and that is a gift. So in terms of gifts, we should be giving each other gifts. Angela, yes, lend Oscar a cup of sugar. This--
My plan-- a man-- panama.
Alright! Let me get this clear! Does everybody want a raise?  Alright, everyone wants a raise, so what we're going to do is go into here, and we will not come out until we do.
What about a raise based on merit?
Mm-hmm. Piece of cake. Ryan, obviously the best.
Are you making a--
Toby.
Just wanted to draw a picture of him.
Alright! Who to pick?  Who to pick?
I... will skip a turn.
I need more time.
Hey, what are you guys doing in here?

 How you doing?
Oh, what are you usually?
Usually a ten, but I'm feeling like a zero.
I know, I know.
Yes, we did.
Um, nothing. I just... I used to have to do this part alone, and it was the worst. I have something I would like to give you. 
You're welcome.
Gin. 
 Just pretend we're not here.
