 Yeah?
Yes, Oscar come on in. Close the door if you would. Thank you, thanks so much for talking to me.
I'm going in for a procedure today.
Yeah, it's routine. I'm just a little bit scared.
It is a colonoscopy.
In your experience, what should I be expecting in terms of sensation or emotions?  Is there anything I can do to make it more pleasurable for me or for Dr. Shaundry?
My main concern, should I have a safe word?
Abso... you know what? I'll do you one better, Sunday, Sunday night.
Ho, Hol, hold on big guy, I'm gonna put it in the mail Sunday night and you'll get it Weds.
Oh right, this thing. I remember now.  What's this about?
It's okay with me but he's gonna want me in there.
Really?
Alright, do you mind if it sit this out? I have so much work to do, I feel like I'm gonna blow my brains out.
Am I worried that Jim and David are having a meeting without me? No, because we are the Three Amigos. And once in awhile one of the Amigos will go off... to the bathroom... while the other two have a secret meeting. 
Hey let me escort you to your desk.
You and Jim are close, huh?
Hey, what do you think he and David are talking about? What do you...
Well, you said good luck to Jim as he walked in.
If you are lying to me right now Pam, your baby is gonna come out a liar. That's how it works. They inherit things through the breast milk.
I just don't want you to lie to me. I don't want you to ever lie to me. Have I ever lied to you?
I just don't want you to.
 Uh huh, well if he doesn't like it you can tell that SOB that he is fired. Sorry, I'm going into a meeting right now. I will... I love you too. Bye.
Sorry about that. What'd I miss?
Do not mind! Yes, I do! No, I don't. Yes, I do! No, I don't mind. Catch you guys on the flippity flop. Oh this... call waiting.  Yeah, uh huh, well you tell the Mayor he just lost six votes.
Yeah.
Nope.
No, I think they're talking about me.
What is Jim telling him? That I can't handle this job? That 's bull crap. That is bull crap. Although, it has been chaotic lately. Corporate shut down the Buffalo branch which left us to absorb all of their clients. I will tell you there has been work everyday. Had to come in on a Saturday. To retrieve... I left my cell phone here.
 How are your sales doin'?
Shhh, I'm just trying to figure out what's going on in that room, okay?
Wallace had to show up on the one four month period that I'm completely overwhelmed.
You know when they say it's so crazy it just might work? Well, I don't believe that. I say go for the air-tight plan and that is why I am having Andy wheel me into the conference room inside a makeshift cheese cart. It is just elegant.
 Be my eyes.
 Hey, hey, you must have walked right past me. How you doin'?
Yes, definitely.
Look who you're talking to.
Well I would say that my greatest talent is being the best man, woman, or child, to have ever run this branch, ever.
 Permission to speak on the record?
Jim is like Big Bird. He is tall and yellow and very nice. But would I put him in charge? No, I don't think so. Because Big Bird doesn't make the tough decisions. I... If I was gonna put someone in charge, I would put Burt in charge or I would put one of the real grown-ups in charge, like Maria or Gordon, maybe.
Very much, Jim is my best friend. But it's his performance report... right here. Now this was written by Toby, who we all know is extremely reliable.
It's not very well written, but you get the gist.
I can just continue to run it myself.
This was Jim's idea?
Wow. Ummm, well I'd have to talk to my mother and my guy at H and R Block.
 I can't help but feel partially responsible.
 Oh those are the best. Little sugar rush.
Well we did talk about how handsome you are.
Oh what a week, God. We said... I know there were certain things we said...
Hmmm, that's weird, that's weird... it's kinda weirding me out. Did you know that Lincoln's secretary was named Kennedy.
Tell you what, when you leave this office I am going to call Wallace and I am going to tell him that you should get that promotion.
Yes!
Yes.
Hey David, this is Michael Scott.  Michael Scott here.
Just wanted to talk to you about Jim Halpert. I understand that he did not receive the promotion. And I wanted to see what I could do to nudge you in the right direction.
Wha... here's the thing, Jim is the best man for this job, I think you should give it to him.
Well, nnnn, that... that was an anomaly. That file had been falsified. Toby Flenderson is doing drugs.
Hey, hey Jim, it would make me feel really good right now if you would just punch me in the face. Alright, Just do it.
I never recommended you because I didn't want to lose you and I didn't want to lose Pam,  and now I don't wanna lose the baby.
That's what she...
Kind of in the middle of something here.
I, yeah... no, I'll tell him myself. Let's both.
 Hello.
No, it's just us.
Oh, oh, well here he is right now. 
Well just as long as it means Jim becomes a manager.
I like that, so manager and co-manager.
Well that might be a little confusing for people because they know me as manager.
Okay everybody, I have an announcement to make... whoa do you have an announcement?
Everybody, David Wallace and I have talked and we have decided to promote Jim to the position of co-manager.
Of your butt, and your butt, and your butt, all of the Scranton branch butts.
What's happening to me? I am also being promoted to co-manager, we will be co-managers together. Jim Halpert, welcome.
