 Michael Scott, as seen on TV.
OH! Pack Man, I thought you were a girl!
Apparently, there are allegations that Sabre printers can cause a fire. So they asked me to give a statement to the press. I'm like, what? All right. So I do it. It's on TV last night. And it's in the paper today. And it's online. And then I call Froggy 98.7, the request line. I talk to the host about it on the air. It's like, come on, people, enough.
Everybody, we are at DEFCON 5. I am officially the second-most watched clip of the day on the WBRE news site.
Oh, that teacher who was wrongfully accused of being a pedophile. Now, we cannot let the pedophile win again! I would like you all to go to the website and watch my clip eleven times.
Yes.
Yes. Come on! Get it up! That's what... let's do it!
Please.
Really? A baby otter? Okay, um, count me in as who cares. It's not even that interesting a baby otter, it can't even stand up.  there it goes.
Jo! We were not expecting you!
Jo, Jo, I can assure you it was no one in this office.
Absolutely. Anyone who talked to the press, please raise your hand.
There is no reason for anyone here to sign this, because I know everything there is to know about these people. I know when their birthdays are, I know what their favorite kind of cake is, I know what color streamers they like...
Yes, yes, but it shows a bigger picture.
Okay.
We should give him a one-way ticket to Montego Bay, where they keep all the al-Qaeda.
Yes. You put them in jail for a long time, you put them in jail for as long as you can.
I want these people to really pay, I want them to suffer. I'd prefer it if they died, 'cause it's not right.
Okay.
Ridiculous, Angela. And like I'm going to believe one of his spermed lovers.
Is there something that you would like to say to me?
About talking to the press?
Mmhmm.
I don't believe you.
That's a little much. All right, all right, all right.
Okay, I believe you, I believe you.
Did you tell anyone outside of this office that the printers were catching on fire?
Oh, no, no, no...
Oh my god. Was she cute?
Oh, god, Darryl!
I basically swore up and down that none of my employees did it, and then I find out that one of my best ones did. And now he's probably going to get fired for it. And if that is not poetic justice, I don't know what is.
You leaked it?
I don't know what the best plan is, Pam. Oh god... my mind is going a mile an hour.
Oh.
Two whistleblowers... two! I always thought Darryl and Pam might get me fired for something I said.
So see you in Meredith's van in five minutes.
No, you know what's messed up? This situation all up in here is what's messed up! We need to brainstorm, we need to get out of this! Brain hurricane. Come on, think.
What do we got?
It's okay, she's cool, she also whistle-blew.
Hey, hey, it's as interesting as a morgue.
Okay, here's what we do. I say we just smash all the computers. We destroy the evidence. No evidence, no case.
No. Okay, not all the computers, just our computers.
Just don't say no.
That's just what we need, another black man in prison. You know, let's just...
Okay. You can count on me.
Hey Jo.
I was thinking about our little leak problem. I was up all lunch thinking about what we should do to this individual. You know what I think we should do? We make 'em come to work, and we work 'em, and we make 'em sit next to all the people they screwed over. And, and we pay 'em but we make 'em feel like they did something really wrong. The one question I have is, do we give them a Christmas bonus? I say yes, it's Christmas, but right after they're back in the thick of it.
What?
It doesn't matter what I know.
Why?
Well, deal with this. 
What?
Are you going to kill me?
 Are we going some place far away? I know you said no questions, but... I have an early dinner that I need to get to... with the Chief of Police.
I have rights.
I am not going to tell you anything.
Well, I'm going through a little bit of a rough patch.
Whole year, actually. My favorite restaurant closed down.
And my new favorite restaurant sucks... I bought a video camera last year, and I was looking at the tapes, and there were only like twelve minutes that I felt was worth taping the whole year. And most of that was just birds in my condo complex. What is that? ... I miss Holly.
Holly Flax from the Nashua branch. Best HR rep that Dunder Mifflin has ever seen. It's not been a blockbuster year for me financially. My Blockbuster stock is down.
Hmm, hmm.
You know, I would be willing, under the right circumstances, to do that for you.
I, I surely do, and don't call me honey.  You were playing too.
 We at Sabre have betrayed the trust that we have built with our customers. We regret our slow response and our lapse in candor and judgment. At this time, we are issuing a full recall of all Sabre GH400 printers. We will not rest until this problem is solved. There will be no questions. Are there any questions?
That was fun.
Thanks. Today helped.
Okay. Hey, you could transfer Holly back from Nashua.
