Leave it at reception.

After three years of writing, one year of shooting, four years of re-shooting and two years of editing, I have finally completed my movie, Threat Level: Midnight.
Erin... what are you doing?
That's... That's. Well, don't put words in my mouth.
Sweet, I will go invite Holly.
Mhmm! It's got action, it's got heart, it's got some bosom.
It's got a lot of me.
Ladies and gentleman, Threat Level
Dwight does not play a robot.
 I'm up.
Tell him I'm retired.
Goldenface, this makes it personal. 
 Well, it looks like there's going to be a clean-up on aisle five.
I'm not here to learn how to mop, I'm here to learn how to play hockey.
What am I supposed to do with this?
 Nice try Goldenface, but you forgot one thing, to kill me.
No!
Yeah?

Congratulations.
I am sorry that I have to do this... 
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
Not who, what. The Funky Cat is the hippest Jazz Club in town. 
 Bingo.

Jack Blaise.
By far and away, the most expensive shot in the movie. But, it was integral to the story.
The joke's on you Goldenface, that man was a wanted animal rapist.
He said, where is the bomb?
Why are you telling me this?
Hey Goldenface.
Go puck yourself!
That was not scripted.
More Tylenol.
It'll take a lot more than a bullet to the brain, lungs, heart, back, and balls to kill Michael Scarn.
For the insurance money! I knew it all along! 
Where had I gone wrong? All I wanted was to start a family with my beautiful wife. But somewhere along the way, things got messed up.
 Beer me Billy.
I got problems Billy. Big problems...
 Don't ever change Billy. Goldenface is going to blow up the NHL All Star Game tomorrow.
I'm too depressed to save the big game Billy.
No Billy, I haven't done that dance since my wife died.
 You jump to the right and you shake a hand and you jump to the left and you shake that hand. You meet new friends, and tie that yarn, and that's how you do The Scarn! You jump to the right and you shake a hand and you jump to the left and you shake that hand. You meet new friends, and tie that yarn, and that's how you do The Scarn!

 Pretty cool, right? Did you like it? Did you like that?
Okay.  No, it's not good enough. It's not good enough...
Hey.
Mmmm, good? Everybody out there says it's great!
Did you? What did you love about it?
No, no. Holly, this isn't Ocean's Eleven, where you get together with all your friends and just have fun and don't care about how it turns out. What'd you really think, honestly.
Is it, is it because you're afraid of where this is gonna take me? See, because I need you... to keep me grounded.
 It was eleven years, okay? This has been my dream for eleven years, and if you don't think it's great than you're basically saying that you don't believe in my dream.
I talk about a lot of things, Holly! I was eventually gonna get around to my dream! Obviously! Eleven years I could've been working on the Scarn Nebulus.
Because, if I don't have this, what do I have? I have nothing.
I have my book on business, Somehow I Manage. I have my HBO comedy special, Here I Go Again dot-dot-dot. But you know what? When I think about it, when I really think about it, none of those things are as real to me as my movie.
Yeah, you're a real pain in the ass. And I'm gonna go watch the movie with people who think it's great! And I'm sorry I called you a pain in the ass, I'm angry, and I love you.
I am a huge Woody Allen fan. Although I've only seen Antz, but I'll tell you something. What I respect about that man, is that when he was going through all that stuff that came out in the press, about how Antz was just a rip-off of A Bug's Life, he stayed true to his films. Or at least the film that I saw which again was Antz. The thing is... I thought Bug's Life was better, much better. Than Ants. The point is, don't listen to your critics, listen to your fans.
Who likes Threat Level
I know, it's a good thing my trainer and mentor is here to cheer me on!

We filmed this during an actual Scranton High School Hockey Game, trying to qualify for states.
No, no! Actually it's really screwed up because they 
Hey...
No it's not.  It's not. But, they really seem to be enjoying it.
 Cherokee Jack.



Oh yeah, I guess I did let him be a robot.
 I'll get it! Man I love being retired! Scarn here!
Hello sir.
Ugh...  I'm in.
Oh yeah!  Yes he is!
No, no Dwight. He's just being stupid. 
